I am Sebastian Ramirez or tiangolo. I am the creator of first API and now the founder of fast API labs, this new company. I drink my coffee as a cappuccino and I drink a lot of it. Welcome back to the ml. Ops Community podcast, I'm your host Demetrios. And today we've got the mustache man himself, Mr. Tiangolo Aka the creator of fast API, which I am sure a few of you use and love. We talked all about developer experience. When building software we all talked about how he thinks through abstractions. Let's get into this conversation because I had a blast with Miami go Mr. Sebastian. what? I want to tell the listeners. I want to start with. the fact that we did a hackathon and the winners of that hackathon were from Columbia,?. That's where we go. That was fun. We were the judges and the funniest part was, you're from Columbia. The winners were from Colombia afterwards. We're making all kinds of jokes.,, they paid off the judges.,. What is this?, because they're the thing that they came up with was, was quite cool, but I feel I am Columbia. I cannot, I cannot vote on this and I had,, hands of the other two judges. You decide that I can't, but good too much honor. But I also remember that when we were hanging out and everybody was hacking somebody, you were talking to somebody and for some reason pedantic came up and they didn't know what pedantic was and you looked at him you don't know what pyrant. Oh let me tell you all about it. why do you love paid Antics much. I don't think I think I don't think he's cool. They Thing is by vantiq, made it super simple to validate data and to get Auto completion. And in a nervous for the data that you're handing in code, If anything is before pythonic was as widely known as it is now, it was,, a library for doing data validation, but it was not as obvious. I will think that you need to do data validation that you need to validate the data. You need to structure it properly, serialize it. Converted documented is not something that is obvious. And there's a lot of code that goes,, wasted on doing custom validations because, if you don't know that there's that option, you end up, write a lot of code to check. Is this an integer or not? Or maybe this one, is a Json object or, I don't know. I thought that was was amazing doing that. It was not as obvious that you will get much benefit from it. For fast API, it was, it was the key,, the key component for doing all the data, validations a realization parsing, documentation, all that stuff and to make it super simple and super intuitive. And I guess that's also why it helped Avid show, hey, I think is here you can use it for this type of things and then I think people slowly go the hang of it and started using it for more things. But I think it took a bit for people to start exploring python taking many other ways. I remember us. I was that. At that moment, I was pitching and for everything because I was doing all the data processing with pedantic. I have I have a bunch of custom GitHub actions that are pretty much to play Dancing model that it extracts the data from the environment variables and, give me the date and then the call is super simple afterwards. I didn't doesn't even involve a fast API or anything, you pure points.,, I think it's a great to You were super early on that train and it feels you saw around the corner a bit. And you Incorporated in the fast API,?.. the thing is I was I was looking to build something that was similar to the other tools that I was using. But by that point I realized that I wanted to have the best developer experience possible and that will need to take advantage of type annotations and type annotations were super knew they were for a year or something there was not all that was using type annotations at least not properly and pedantic was I think the only one that was using them at the time. Apart from data classes that was it, the standard library but data classes doesn't any data validations realization transformation but it's the same the same style and I was looking for a tool that will do things that I was using by. Then there was a previous two called marshmallow.. And marshmello was great. It's that it was the same. Before we had pipe annotations it didn't have a way to exploit them. I was trying to look for something that, that Will be based on some type annotations. I was I already had my mind set on what I needed. Hey, and then I found I don't think,, this is the thing. But the pedantic does docs, were mainly focused about managing settings and handling settings for applications. And we're,. But is this? I would,, is this what I need or not but then I I kept digging deeper and then I found out., this is exactly what I need. It's that it's probably not obvious that it could be perfect for all these other use cases.. started exploiting it and nagging somewhere with, hey, here's another PR., some that's awesome. He's been good and they're great Shepherds for that whole Community. It's cool to see by the end taken and you said, how I had this lagging effect but now it feels it is very much at the Forefront and people understand the value in it. Thanks to I think in part a lot of what you did with fast API Nice. I'm not that does an order for me to think that I helped people to get to know by. I don't think I know. But I don't think he's using everywhere., all day major at Lynn providers or sdks or tools. They are all built on top of pedantic and that's amazing because I think it's,, he's an amazing building block for everything. We build up. there's two things that I wanted to talk about from our last conversation which was I think three years ago till now that I swore to myself, if we End up talking. Again, I have to ask you about these things. The first one is I got a little bit of slack back in the day because I didn't ask you about your stint in ml folks were,, but Sebastian's done and ml stuff and you guys didn't talk at all about that in the podcast. can you break down the ml stuff that you did and give us a bit of? I think you're an undercover ml / AI Guy where you're masquerading with the fast API but was it was fasting API built for No use case., exactly. And do you got me? I go into python to do AI animal. Hey, that's why I go into python. It was in an AA course from Ellis from Berkeley., I don't know, 10, 12 years ago all of them.. That's how I got into python, then I started working and I was doing stuff with computer vision and then it was computer vision without deep Learning Without neural networks. It was,, Oh, very complex algorithms. I'm sieved and, then matching stuff and,, calm and filters, and, a bunch of stuff that was, was a super sophisticated complicated and difficult to get,, great results with it and then,, now you can,, put deep neural networks, on top on it a lot of value without,,, without having to feel much. It's amazing. But, I got into that and I took a bunch of, I took a lot of online courses, but I, I have a big inclination towards machine learning and Ai and then fast API came from that. And then,, I started working at a company we were doing, Machinery stuff and it was things related to that but we always had to build applications and in All the cases we needed to build an API on top of things. I get struggling when kept stumbling in the issues of building an API with the tools that I had at hand and I figured that this was one of the things, one of the patterns that was repeating over and over and one of the things that had to be solved over and over and I didn't found a great solution and something that will work and I found something that will work and I figure out how to make it work but it was complicated and, it was difficult and then the team that I was working with they were all struggling a little. This is copy paste, whatever. Sebastian did and its it works. And really, it's not the best developer experience.,, continuing in that path, I was using that setup for quite a while but,, I kept investigating our researching different Frameworks and things until I ended up in fast API and then I, I got stuck in apis, but I got into python because I was gonna do Ai and You missed the Train on now and you were super early. And then you went down the API rabbit hole and ended up powering half the internet., that's amazing. That's that's a crazy. He's,, it's it's something that makes me very what. Proud and humble, unlike everything. At the same thing to see many a applications and,, many of the of the, top voices and light up opinion leaders in AI liking and using fast API for me. That's,, that's mind blowing., I remember you telling us that one of the bigger ones that you had heard was using. It was, NASA, and they were powering spaceships or something along those lines, and I that blew my mind, there are some Really. Cool, use cases and of course there are because you use apis for everything. it's not it's not contained in that way you can use apis wherever and you said your commitment to the developer experience has been I think what makes fast API shine. And the second thing that I wanted to ask you about was what I also got flaked for in the last time that we had a conversation and that was people saying, why didn't you ask him why there's many damn emojis in the docks and Hey, this is preachy BT. You were very early on that Trend also.. That's the that's funny,, at some point I don't know how much you go into Reddit. I now try to avoid it because in many cases it's a dark place it's a very dark place.. But at some point, I remember there was some conversation in one of these Reddit. All I don't know fast API or python or something. And I was saying, oh no couldn't trust.., oh no, can I trust her it's a single guy., how can you throw them?,, people don't realize that most of the open source projects, they used are built by zingle guy a couple of people. Even if they are big corporations, this is still one or two people for most of the open social studies. But anyway, they were saying, no know how cool can you trust a simple guy on Bland? Hey one of them but wait why, why wouldn't you trust this guy or? Why why do you say he's a psychopath or something? I said he's clearly he clearly does very was he clearly does very hard drugs? what? How, how do? And it's because of the Emojis. Until the Emojis.., that's what that tells that I do very hard rocks and, I do better. I do lots of coffee. Maybe that, oh, man, that is the best Reddit thread. We'll have to try and find that one too., showcase to people because, that that's the internet for you that you can expect when you gain a certain amount of notoriety, you're going to get that type of random speculation., after one at first it's, oh,, you feel weird and, maybe a title,, did I do something wrong or is something bad or something? But then, after a while, you'd realize that the bigger the scope of the impact that you can have, they hired chance that you're going to have some random person nagging about random stuff that doesn't really make that much sense. I guess.. Trying to trying to take it as a compliment, I guess,, when somebody says you badly How could we get to this point? I'm a random person in the other side of the world on the internet. How could this person hate me? much for the emojis that you use in the dark?, I don't know. I have also had a few reports I think, It more than its more than one, two, three of saying, hey the first API those have been hacked because it's all full of emojis know. It's that they put the URL wrong because there's a version. first API is translated to a few languages. And one of those languages is Emoji. It was an April Fool's joke. I stuck and it's still there and you can find the whole documentation written in emojis., and he was, it was done by other people was not done by me. It was done by a few other people and I think that's the pr with the most approvals I have if I stay people get to, Easter and April Fool's jokes, they really go hardcore on that that that's still there but then occasionally people bump into a URL with the Emoji prefix and they see everything in emoji., oh no, it was high. And then they tag me on Twitter,,, no, you're in their own language, incredible. Dude, that is funny to think about., there's the other piece I can't stop thinking about the Emojis part and how much? Controversy emojis cause for nothing. I also get that way when I play guitar in our virtual conferences or in our I used to do guitar intros for the virtual events and we threw him up on YouTube and I'll tell you what some people on YouTube. they've got some creative ways of talking shit and I was the same way as you where I would think Damn. I am honored in a way because they took the time out of their day to talk shit and I guess I could feel a little bit ashamed here, but no, I'm gonna take it as a compliment as a post to a threat or missing me., anyway, the thing that I wanted to talk to you about to You. Have started a new company. You also got some funding from Sequoia. I heard or I saw and I know that for the last year or you were doing something really cool that Sequoia was sponsoring, which was, they were. It was almost this entrepreneur entrepreneur in Residence but it wasn't maybe you can break down what you were doing and then why you finally landed on. Fast API cloud or the pro version of fast API, because I know that back in the day, when we had a Meetup, and then we went out after the Meetup in Berlin, people were, oh, you gonna start a company, you gonna do something around fast API, and you were, I don't think, I don't know. Maybe, we'll see, I'm open, but that was also, four years ago., A lot's changed. Give me the breakdown and the lead up to this., I remember in that conversation after the Meetup, one of the guys came and said I and are you gonna work full-time on that or not? Because at that point I still wasn't working full-time and faster., you had a job. I think I had, but I I had a part-time job and I asked them to do it part-time because I wanted to spend more time on open source and he's, I remember this case I, hey are you working full-time fast API? no. But,,, I don't have a product or something. Why don't you start the company know?, and I remember, he said you should you should start the company or do something and build something for, for open source because we all need it.,, we all benefit from that and it will be ashamed if we cannot get more of that,,, it was something around those lines and, oh, that's shit. That's, hey,, makes you feel, one hand super appreciated, on the other hand lace sort. of almost a responsibility of,, this is something that is being useful to people and I get the chance and the power to Help many more people by improving it, it's something that gotta do,? Oh, it was I remember I remember that mod that point and that moment I think I remember who you're talking about and that guy because I remember distinctly being at the bar when we were talking and he was telling me, dude,, maybe you could start a course, or maybe you could do something with this community, certificates. And I looked at you and I was,, and maybe you could start a course too. Or a newsletter and he looked and he was, this is Sebastian. He started fast API, he's not starting a course. He's got a company to get started. And I was,, dude, thanks for that backhanded coffee. It was I was laughing hard., I can't remember who, what that guy's name was but I'm gonna go find him and, and we'll have some laughs together. But anyway, then you had that pressure put on you., but then after that, he was, I don't know if he was the next year, one year after I don't remember what's probably one after that, it was in 2023 sick or you started the open source Fellowship. he was, this a It was a steep end to cover my expenses I will work full-time on open source. Hey I think during that time is that we have the the hackathon that I was helping George and that stuff. But that was because I was after the previous event, we're getting paid,? The, I remember you telling me that you had the option to donate on the GitHub page, but the sponsors of fast API. It wasn't enough for you to live off of... And this is this Is one is that? People come and sometimes people come and sponsor and get,, a couple of bucks. Five bucks a month team, something that. And he's, super,, I appreciated a lot and it's, feels very encouraging. but with that is very difficult to make a,, a sustainable income because you get, you get 100, and 100 people, putting five books a month, is 500 bucks. A month is not enough to live off. Then the ones that put the most are the ones that gets something in exchange a badge in the dogs or consultancy time or things that. But then in the end this,, he's a transaction that,, You're giving something extra for them to give you something back and sometimes,, it's also difficult for companies to justify giving money to to, I don't know. To sponsor open source of stuff without having something in exchange to show finance and to show the investors and, all the stuff. It's a,. It's, I guess it's it's difficult to balance. There are some things, for example, the open source pledge. Now, I think that's, that's amazing from those started from the people from century, and also people from astral. And I don't think join a few other companies jointer that they're,, committing to a give. As I don't remember certain amount of Open Source where employee, they have some certain amount of Open Source a year or something either. But I think is that,, they open sources sponsorships are normally not super, super meaningful necessarily. Hey At least not for the majority of projects it's it's something but in the end it's also a service or a product or transition that you have to give away. Something is a budget or something either. It. But, we did with the open source Fellowship. They will cover, cover my expenses and then I will be able to go full-time on open source. The, they will ask every once in a while. Hey why do you think about this company? But that was I don't know four times in a year or something that. it's very it was very little it was mainly focus on European stores and it was also not, here's a project manager, you have to work on this issues or you have to do these or that was you do your thing. We trust you go and build your your stuff, what to do, go and do it. it was it was it was super useful because I was able to work and tackle very difficult thing is does required a lot of continuous Focus time And that they results and the value will be seen only after it was completely done. for example, a migrating or supporting fast, API supporting version 2 A plus I take currently supports both version 1 and version 2 depending on what whichever is the one that you installed if possibly as reports that one people can do the migration and but then getting that doing that getting to the point of white a lot of work and it's something that will have been very difficult to do if you put one or two hours. In the night and then if it's during the weekend is very difficult to keep the pace and keep the context. that was amazing. It's still working on us.. That was the open source Fellowship that was 2023 by the end of 2023. I was seeing there were,, companies trying to build a cloud for first API, Cloud for pi and trying to get that feature. Trying to get that going., why would why would someone else build it? And why wouldn't I build it? Because on one hand, I could make sure that it has,, the best developer experience for us APA. Because I am the first user of fast API. I build fast API format myself to use it myself. And then building a cloud and building it for myself and, it's sell satisfied and everyone gets doing.,, I'm building it for my self as I want it to assist. And then a is a, the community is already there and I can make it super simple to integrate it with fast API to make it easy to integrate with EPI. And I can also ensure that Fast PA is being which is something that is super important to me. The first API, kidding open source fully open source with all the features,, you can deploy wherever you want, however, you want. And they're gonna make sure that you have an amazing developer experience with fast API Cloud., you want to try past the pi cloud and stay there, but,, it's still you can you can use it however, you want to use it. Hey, it made sense and it was also,, there's a chance also, to, if there's some fruits that could be taken out of all the work, I put over the years on the open source, I would to take a piece of that at least.,, that made sense as. And figuring out, a way, a sustainable way to have a funding for the open source projects that was, that was something that I have been,, trying to figure out how to do for for years and the open source solution was great. But it's not something that I can feel, oh, I'm gonna stay here forever in the open source Fellowship., they probably wouldn't want to,, pay me forever to stay there., they were willing to extend it, but it was,, I should probably make something that makes sure that all this stuff keeps working and that I can also work on a,, I get people to work on the open source projects first. Step I type are sequel mall. I think, all the, all the stuff that I built that is already there.,, the balance of everything together, you can't rely on the Goodwill. indefinitely you at some point figure out their what Is a more sustainable way. And this feels it was a great bridge from Not you were you were Moonlighting on this to then it became your full-time thing. And now you have this sustainable way of keeping it your full-time thing.. And that makes a ton of sense. I want to go into the difference or what you get with fast API cloud and how you think about which features or what parts go towards the open source versus what parts. Now, go towards the company and also Everything around that decision making.. This is, this is something that I gave a lot of thought to Building a cloud was not,, I was not trying to the cloud. That's that's been Downing. I need was daunting. It's being a lot of work that we have been doing. Anyone can't I make,, a simple product or something but every time I came up with something it will make sense to make it up in Source, diapers equal model. I think there is, it was,, this has to be open source building a cloud. It was daunting was a lot of work and I required a team and I required resources. But it had, these had, these very nice detail. This characteristic that they overlap unlike the conflict of interest between the open source and the cloud are minimal., you have the open source, is this way? And then the cloud goes this older way and he's they cross each other but the open source. The it doesn't really affect that much. In fact, it and a lines quite. If I even better, you get more features, you can do more stuff with fast API. There's a higher chance that you will want to use as fast API in general, and if you use fast API in general, there's a higher chance that you At some point will want to try fast API cloud and try out the service.,, it made sense to, to do something that had the least. Friction possible with all the open source because it's also simplifies all the conflict. And that thought, process, what goes in the pro version and what is the core, and what is the now first? API is All Pro. You get the pro for free. And if you want to deploy in fast API Cloud that you could deploy to fast API Cloud, but the open source thing is you with all the features that are there and all the new features that we will be all the new stuff that we will make sure. That the CPA as good as it can be. And we keep improving on that, then, you will be able to reap those benefits. No matter how you deploy it. Then on the other side, we can make sure that the point of fast API cloud is the best developer experience ever. It has,, the most robust and resilient way to play things that you get something that is instant there., you don't have to think or figure out or,, tweak a bunch of configs and they will errors in other languages. And,, all that process is is a it's a lot. Even through it.. Which is also the other reason why I, I realized, and I decided that it was a good idea to build a cloud product before that. I was very much on the side of learned to build everything yourself and,, install the Linux machines yourself and build and set up the cluster yourself and,, deploy your things there and I had one of the, the main, the most prominent websites for explaining how to use an alternative to Docker that was created by Sir, an alternative to kubernetes that was created by Docker. It was called Dockers from the Christian mode.. And it was, it was a great brother. It was quite lean, but in the end, it didn't work out for them and they sold it to another company that put that on their, their kubernetes umbrella.,, kubernetes one.. One way or another. But Vancouver. Net is massive. It's a beast. Yes, getting to learn kubernetes getting to use it, getting to manage it. And you do it and then you're scratching. The surface is a lot of work., seeing that and seeing that I before that I could tell people hey go and install this other thing and then you are good to go,, you have the first version that is working in in a week in a couple of days. But then if I tell them, they you have your first day up now. Go over this for six months or try one product or the other, maybe this one will work as, that was not a great story. that also convinced me it's probably makes sense to have something that is dedicated to this type of application and to make it super simple for people to deploy Fazbear application and be being able to focus on the code and the product, and not on all the nuances of the deployments. A. everything fit together and much to the point to say,,, this is probably the best way to go. This is the way that I can have, the biggest impact in people's called and the things that they can achieve and the things that they can do and build to help others. On the open source and also on the product and everything together.. You remind me of the founder of that company called, I think it's base 10 or base camp. No base camp is what it is. And they I have heard a few podcasts with him on it and he talks about how when he sees or uses. Poorly designed or not the best thought out software, it drives him crazy and it's crazy that he has started a few different companies to combat poorly designed software. And I think one of them was even a parking lot, software that his HOA or his condominium complex used, and he hated it much. He went and created a new one, if I'm gonna, and it reminds me of you you go through and you say, wow, this developer experience is painful and the end I'm sure there is a long period of time where you sit with it being painful and it can continue to be painful but it eats away at your soul and oh wait that for some of us we put up with it but for you you're I'm gonna have to go and create a product around this.. Maybe maybe,, I don't know. I there are many tools that are great but they are Super complex or dealing with a lot of nuances and he's some layer of abstraction. And then sometimes having to deal with that is, oh, it's a complex,, if you had to go and buy the motor and the tires and the doors to finally assemble your own car is that's that's too much, you go and buy a car.. In I think in many cases, it doesn't really make sense to assemble your own cars when your business is not assembling cars. Your business is doing something to write him or maybe not even writing them, maybe you need them to be able to get something across, but you need a car to be able to and, I feel for many, many use cases being able to get the car and not having to deal with that makes total sense. you don't even need to create an Uber or you're not even an Uber driver using your car every day. It's the you're getting in a car and it's taking you from point A to point B. that metaphor because you at the end of the day, everybody needs. To use a car or use a API in their software that they're building. And, how can you make that? The least friction. Or the. Easiest. For getting that outcome that someone is looking for., exactly. I started,, that was the spirit of fast API, how can you make it that you write the code in the way that will be the most intuitive to you? And then it does the thing and those all this stuff that you needed to do underneath by default data validation, documentation, everything is don't by default. And you gets out of the way you can I focus on your code,, when you see a fast API application, the amount of faster P code is minimal is mostly is the actual code of the business logic that is the idea to try to make it super simple to use the tool. And,,, To do not get in the way of building the unit to build. Since we talked last two, I have been thinking a lot because I think in our first conversation, we hit upon the point of how you look at what abstraction layer to play on and where that decision is made, or how you think about making that decision, it's only become more relevant since the new llm, boom. Because of all these new tools that are coming out and trying to abstract away different pieces of the llm API calls, or maybe it's the orchestration, or maybe it is something around the system. When you're building with AI, have you thought not necessarily about the abstraction for the AI systems, but What is your way of going about these abstractions and thinking through what would be the best abstraction here? Do you sometimes create an abstraction and then roll it back and say no no is it something that you're working with and it slowly is boiling in your mind and you then all of a sudden have a Eureka moment. What does that look? This is a very interesting question because,, I do think about that a lot, but I don't get asked of all the oven Hey, I, I think it's more of,,, it's boiling in the background and I'm trying to figure out what is the way? And, struggling with it. And then, at some point I realized and figured,, it makes sense. And it's fun that I, I think about that a lot for the stuff that I build, and the same,, with fast API type or SQL model. I think they be a cloud product for all of them. I avoided building them for a long time. For fast API. I was trying not to build something. I was looking for others on what was already there that could do what I, what I what I wanted for, for the company, I was,, I have been told, oh, you should start a company for many years., there were, I had,. A few people that were interested in maybe building a company and, he was.. No, I don't, I don't think. I don't have a Wright brother. It's not I don't have something that will be the apps into build. But then and this is this is the key point. This is how I think about it when you when the new abstraction that you could be old learning and using Daniel for your users, for your finalists, when learning that It's much less effort than they will have to put to learn the underlying thing.,, for them to use your to use your tool for them to use fast API the effort, they have to put some effort into reading the dogs into learning how to write a code for fast API into learning how to do that. But if they didn't put that effort, they will have to put An order of magnitude more effort into learning how to do everything by hand or more,, orders of magnitude. when you hit that point where it's,, if instead of learning all the on the line stuff, people could learn as mold the year in in the middle. And by learning that they say much effort in learning and the booking and using, whatever is that goes in their needs, then that's the point when it makes sense and it's all. when there's no abstraction that is already doing that because in some cases, people go on build another tool or build another framework or something, but it's this is doing pretty much the same that this other thing is already doing. it's not necessarily that that viable is when it's when you see repeatedly that many level of abstraction is not managing to, to be met,, having something that is super simple and intuitive to use that, you have to learn a very minimal thing to get a lot of value. And, that's the point. When I say,, it makes sense. That's the point where with fast API, that's how it happened. I was gonna start contributing to another framework and the other side., no, I cannot really keep working on this. I'm going to deprecate this. I'm gonna focus on something else. This was Tom Christy the outer of jungle rest framework the author of API star which was the spiritual predecessor, first API. And then he started Starlet, which is the building, look for fast, API gonna keep working on this, other framework, that was called API star. Then I said,,, this is, this is the last Notch. I'm gonna jump into it and try to build fast API. Similar with the, with the similar with SQL model, there were some molars over trying to build an hour and that was based on type annotations and identity but none of them were managing to, hit the sweet spots that I want it subjectively but the things that I wanted to do the way that I expected it to do taking it,, how many to account all the how type annotations work. How default values work? How to completion in linear. all these things that are very tightly coupled to the developer experience. And they were not really managing to get to that point and it was,, I have to build this new tool, this you can SQL model and it was I really don't want to do it because hardly data is as equal. It's difficult but he was, I have to do it because I have these ideas are there. They are gonna be useful, I have to go on,, by the bullet and build it. The same with the cloud., learning all the kubernetes stuff and learning all the cloud. Probably from the big cloud providers, and all that is much work. And it's, There's much impulse mismatch between different tools that you have to figure out some weird way to Monkey patch things to make things work and be always careful with how those things evolve you can update the monkey patch., That's how the cloud is built. It's not ours, it's everyone's Cloud. That's how it's all., that's how every cloud this build is a lot of, a lot of Things,, it's tape everywhere putting everything together and then having to deal with that, is much work and much effort. And then when the,, it was the point that, I know,, if you want to deploy something, you should go and learn one of these giant products, or kubernetes, or kubernetes on top of them or some cloud provider. There are several Cloud providers that are quite good. There are doing a job at abstracting things layer, a little bit above the,, the raw stuff, and they are quite good, but they are still quite general or generic for trying to be,, generic for every framework and for every language for everything., it's always this little friction of, how do you do this for fast API? How do you make this thing work? That was the thing that I felt it makes sense to have something that works., and. It's part engineer part. Tastes how I hear it because when you're thinking through these problems, you really stewing on them. But you're also Looking at. What's going to be the most efficient? And then what is going to be the most tasteful way or that developer experience side of things really makes me. Realize that you're thinking through not only hey, this is the best way of doing it, it is. This is the Most. developer friendly way of doing it, and Even if it may, or may not be the best way because they're probably are potentially better ways that you could do something throughout each step. But then that adds that extra complexity that you don't need in the mix.,, exactly. Exactly. And the funny thing is that it feels a lot taste. I'm an art. Not a science and feels, oh, it's,, very good taste or something, but it's a giant least of specific tips. But, knowing all that by heart, helps a lot to see this doesn't make sense but he's not. He doesn't make sense because it smells weird or, I feel doesn't have a good know.. It's it's normaly a very specific thing is, if you define the importance in this way, people you find a users are going to have to import from very different places and they will know what they Will need to import better to Define these other way but saying all that long phrase is longer than saying it's probably better this way.. it's a lot of I think it's a lot of that which is it's a funny thing. I feel it's quite funny. That several of the automatic SDK providers. that the people that generate, the sdks for the big yellow and providers openai and several others. Hey, open Ai entropic. And, I don't remember most of them. They are building the sdks, the python is the case., the server language is the case based on open a open API, which is the thing that fast API is based on many of these, big providers are using fast API underneath, and they get open API as a result. But then many of these is the case they had,? What is the way to build this in Python? And I ended up having conversations with several of them, I think, the way is doing this., for example, using a,, this is one of those things that is sounds taste which is a very specific set of things that work if you define the parameters of your functions as tight dicks, then inserted the parameters of the functions, the input parameters of The functions. If you are building an SDK a state dates, then the editor will be able to provide a l to completion. And in linears for the parameters that the users are providing without the users having to import some additional model without having to import anything. They start calibrations and they start getting out of completion. And then if the outputs of those functions are pedantic models, then users are going to have to completion when they hit when they try to get an attribute or things that, two-for-one deal.. it's,, it's that specific combination of use this here. Use that there. This works, this way, this world the other way, use this tool underneath. And that, you'll get you going that ends up helping a lot. And then in the end, most of this is the care providers are using exactly the recipe. That I think I told him at some point at least a few of them. I told them, hey, you can do it this way. I don't know if some old, the others, came up with it on their own but,, it's those those tips those those tiny ideas of having explore the bunch of that and trying to get that best developer experience. After using it as a final user. I think that is the main point using something as a final user and trying to improve that own experience constantly. But when you say explored, do you mean that you've tried to put a certain rule in place, and then you've played around with it and you've said,, maybe this isn't good or maybe it could be a little bit better if we all do this. And you're adding on top of it or your adding something, and then taking it back. yes, it's both me as a consumer of code and other libraries when I use them and I feel I this this is not great. why don't I get out of completion here now, by this point, I know how to competition Works internally. I know what they are doing wrong in their code, and if I had infinite time,, I will go on, Maple requests to everything but,,, in case they see something it is, where you're a Batman for over packages. You go and get the autocomplete, man. They submit the pr, I could be out of my Dad should be my Halloween day because You the Gotham City of GitHub?, Gotham City. That is classic call sorry., keep going. Oh, the name. he's one thing is using different tools and figuring out how it feels to use them and then trying to figure out what will feel better if I use them this way, or the other way, that's one thing. And the other thing is, when building a tool will be building a library or probably whatever. And it's a place to anyone that this building anything. If you put yourself in the shoes of whoever is going to be the final user is much easier to optimize that experience for the final user to optimize and to make sure that you are doing something that works. But for that final user, if you are not the final user is much more difficult, then you have to hire someone that is, breathing on your neck, checking that you are building, is is useful because otherwise, you end up building something that is not useful for the final user and then no one uses it and it doesn't really solve. And I show a product as an example, when I was building SQL model. This was funny because I didn't I didn't start writing all the code. And then,, now let's try to documentation. I started with the documentation, it was, the Temptation driven, a lot of it. I started to write in the documentation explaining how This should work and then trying to write the examples in a way that should be easy to understand and easy to to work with. And then he,, what do I have to do in the code to make this work? And then,, going in the opposite direction. from the what is the final result and how do I make these final result work? And in some cases, I remember there was, one or two points where I have a feature somewhere in SQL model, that will let you do something and you will be able to do that same thing. In three or four different ways, you could set this parameter here or you could also set it here or you could set it in this other place or condition and in this and that and he was,, it was very easy to implement but then I realized explaining this is complicated because it's if this happened in these, if these others think happens, then the other, but if you try these. the priority of the parameter is this one,, it was such a long piece of content that was gonna be certificate for people to understand and then it was gonna be difficult to use. If it's something that is difficult to understand, it's going to be difficult to use,, it has to be simple and intuitive and then, that was the point., I figured,, I'm gonna for be these other three options that are already there. Already implemented for free, but I'm gonna be them because they, they are gonna complicate things when I try to explain them. It's attracted., the it's it I think it's a bit of that of trying to put the Hat of the final user that helps guiding much. Whatever is the thing that you are building Dogfooding, man, that is good. And I really again, go back to The. Foresight to be able to say, we're gonna start with the docs and work backwards. And then when you're creating the docs, you realize this is complex as hell. I am not going to allow people to do it. These three ways even know, I know that when I created it you're going to be able to do it. These three or four different ways. We're gonna say this one way is the way that we choose. We're with being opinionated here because we feel it is best and that's all you need to know.. it's let's pretty much that. And this is strange because us over the first person engineer. Your you are used to been able to build things. And if you have more options and you can make them what oh I have,, more features this is great, such an engineer then, If you're searching in the near that you can build a bridge that takes you to many different places and it's,, a bridge to take in early to one single place, it's very to make one single page.,, that helps that works., let's talk a minute about the community and how you go about. Prioritizing PR's and merging different issues that come up because there's a lot of activity around. A lot of people are using it as you said, there's a lot of different competing interests. how do you look at that and how do you make sure that a you're not doing anything that maybe is going to ruin that developer experience but then B is not shutting people off because maybe they're whole business relies on some feature being merged. this is this is one of those things that I feel It looks different, from the perspective of the person that is building the entire thing, then from the people outside of it. It's quite strange.,, the the first thing is, the people that are working on the open source stuff is a handful not for for fast API for most of the projects in first API and white lucky and grateful that I. now I get to pay people to work on it but I also get contributions from a bunch of people in the community and I also have a session for the first API experts which are the ones that come on help others with their questions, in fast API., they prove that they know fast API by helping others and then I can highlight that in the documentation., hey, these are the experts. Hey, and,, then automatic in all that to make it work with the dogs and everything. But,, the inflow of communication in GitHub discussions is massive before I had questions in issues, but then people will come and 90% or something that of the things that people will write in issues where questions or Evers in their own code. it was,, it was such a Not, not really a book in fast API then it was very difficult to manage now with the with having several people, for example, the experts that can check where the questions that are coming up whenever they see something that is broken. They ping me and that helps much because they help me filter out all the noise and figure out what is, what is important? What is working? Then for all the open source PRS. the first thing is because I have translations. There are many translations open. They're waiting for another native speaker to comment and regret. those have to stay there for quite a while. I'm thinking of changing that and switch, you need to use using a little lambs. I'm already doing that for Spanish and the results are really really good. I went to do that for the other languages because there's our quite good. They are consistent. These one of the things that are really limits are very good at many people that are great at translating and doing it properly. They are very good at that. they I want to extend this thing that I did for Spanish to the other languages that we can have a consistent a translations for each of the language is also because there are some languages that have a couple of pages but nothing else translated. it will be better to have a consist of languages that are supported and then translating those Then half the PRS are translations and then there's a lot of others that some for example don't necessarily have tests or is not a specific clear use case that they are solving it's not obvious what they are doing. And there are others that are that can be solving a problem. But also in some cases conflict with some other features or some other things that I want to do that will that use case plus other three use cases. it's, I'm not gonna merge these now because then I have to maintain it.. But then,, close in it and saying,, oh, I'm gonna do it this in another way. Another moment is,, it's a Roots.,, it's, it's this difficult balance of how to manage all that and how to make sure that you pick the things and many PRS for simple. They look Can get complicated,, in many cases people come and say, oh, why haven't you married or why haven't you reviewed this? one line, change PR?., because to review it, I have to take the other 5,000 lines that were not changed how these one affected them how,,, how everything can break. It's happening a couple of times., a few times that I merge something thinking,,, it probably makes sense., the use cases, the use case, sensible and the the code makes sense, although I'm not sure why would we need to change it, but it makes sense. The tests seem to be passing,, this is touching things that I'm not sure if there's anything else, but then I make the release and then something explodes somewhere else because someone was doing something weird with us API, it was not the case is because someone is doing something weird with the internals but I still try to know the fact not even those use cases. it's this these strange valence I still review each one of the PRS for the ones that are changing the internal cold and changing complex things I still review each one of those and make sure that they are. They are good. Now that I have a team I have a few people that I trust that can to be, hey this looks quite good and then I can I give it,, I still give it a fear of check, but at least I know that this is not something that is, it doesn't make sense.. at least I have I would priority where the thing is that I should focus on. And then to the side, what beers, what issues or what projects to work on and to what what to focus on is also this balance of what is the thing that will have the biggest impact for everyone now? And in some cases, some cases even another third-party open source project. That's fast API depends on or something and it's These needs to be fixed because we are using it in fast API or has a big interaction with fast API., it does the thing that requires the biggest priority? Oh, it's a complete for everything., no, you go off and you have to fix other people's open source projects course works. That's you. Doing your civil Duty?. Or the dogs. Fixing the dogs here on the?. The funny part about that phrase that you were saying is,, it's one line of code but then at the end of the day, you have to go and see how that interacts with the other. X number of codes, thousands of code lines of code. It made me think about that Mark Twain, quote, where he said, I didn't have time to write a short letters. I wrote you a long one, something that. Yes. And and it's it's that same thing where you, it's almost suspect if it's one line being changed because then you What's going on here? Why is this one line needing to go in? And then also when you're saying People have to trust you when you are not. fixing one issue because you have the foresight to say, Down the road, I'm gonna fix this issue and two or three more and it's that two for one or three, for one deal, they have to be patient. It feels you almost need to have a public kanban board with things that you're focusing on issues., you're gonna be hitting that people can know., he it's on the backlog or now it's going., he's working on it. All, cool. but I I try it with that. Hey humming,, there's a bullet road map or these are the main things that I'm, but then also because fast API covers many people, there's someone here and there that comes to ask for something that is not necessarily related to the roadmap. But it's, I think comments there and, it's more communication to manage., in some cases, the the trade of making the whole thing public becomes having to handle, much more communication that ends up becoming not, not as efficient,, At some point, I was answering issues and discussions and things that. And I was spending the whole time, answering them and not fixing anything. because I was answering writing messages and this is not working. This is not sustainable., I can imagine that one of the biggest time sucks for you is when you go on GitHub and you had thousands of notifications and it's that you're saying if you're making a public roadmap and that gives more surface area for people to comment or for people to engage with you on top of your social media where people are commenting and engaging with you on top of the actual project itself. I didn't think that through but if I were you, I would be afraid to even look at my phone.. Exactly. Turn it off. Mostly I have to say save all day notifications thing they email for forgive. I have notifications in email from GitHub and at some point when it was you have 10,000 and read is, no, this is not working. Oh,, I have to go to get obviously the guitar notification system rely on the, on the fast API experts a few are part of the unlike, people on their team, they're working and they come and review. There's a lot of PR stuff that they can review and even merge on their own. For example, if people have been, working on checking the repositories or, doing a translation or something that, but we have bonding to Sophie or Alejandra or maybe pass it,, people making that are constantly doing things that. I also get a lot of help from the fast API experts, Marcelo, which is part of the pedantic team. There's also, there's also Duty ludovico. There are several people there are they're not necessarily they're not in the company but helping a lot. They are some of the experts that are, that helps a lot and helps me also surface, whenever something breaks, whenever there's something that I need to put attention to, they they are the ones that end up, bringing me the important news. They're doing their civic duty to make sure your shit runs their shit can run too. I do my sweet dreams.,, exactly. It's paying it forward all around the internet but that's great. No, the last question I want to hit you. With was you? Have had the luxury of being able to focus on. The tech. For the past x amount of years. Now, starting a company., I can imagine you are already seeing that you're getting pulled in a million different directions. Whether it's hiring or it's paperwork stuff or it is going out in public speaking, etc, etc. All of that time is going to detract from?. The actual building. How are you thinking about that as you move forward because at some point the project and the cloud I imagine the ins and outs of it, your stamp and your Vibes on this. Make it what it is today.. How do you think about continuing that even if you are not able to put your fingerprint on each piece of it?, that's a good question on this difficult because it's indeed a lot of work doing extra stuff and I really love the code. That's something that I really to do. But this is this is,, I have to do this other stuff that I can get the product and I can use it., I have the team working on everything, I have to suck it and do the rest of the stuff that I have to do a but all. I get the fortune to rely on people that are super clever and helping helping me a lot with a bunch of the things. I know get the spirit of how is the project going? And it's hard to find people that. It's hard to,, get the people in. But once you start, being able to rely more on some people. That's, that's amazing. And that's all a great feeling for example, this year, I didn't see a lie. The first API see, it seems a couple of versions had, the new Terminal UI that was created by Patrick and it this. New set of CLI UI components that you can use to build CLI and is open source and everything and it's all done by him and the same with the CLI that we have. For the cloud is a lot of World by him that I can, quickly check and see, this all makes sense and he's super clear I can say, this all Loops good, the same with., sign approved. This this all look good. There's nothing good, from time to time why this? Why that it is that the standards are also we need to follow the standards. then again let's do it perfect. The same with the UI a lot of their work has been done by aliens. One of the team members that I can now say this is a bunch of tweaks and I see it's a lot of react code and typescript and, tweaking the talking, the Tailwind classes and stuff on here and there Yes, makes sense looks good. The screenshot is good. But by this one I can say,,, I chose the code. It's fine after it without having to,, get the pull request and check all the code HP by digit by looking at it. At the same with Soviet, for example, she's been helping a lot with the open source with diaper and with fast API. Mainly with typer that has been the main, the main focus but then I can see whenever she goes on, that gives a comment with a review. It normally explains what was the problem, all the revenues, all the things that were tried. She already faced up the tests and the dogs and everything and I can go and say make sense approved. that really helps a lot difficult to get, to to that point and it has to be able to gradually I can suddenly say everyone merge away, whatever you want. Because you the whole point of us API and my open source project is the I am picky with the quality that everything has to go through me for those things. But then being able to have more and more Reliance on the team that's that's amazing. And that's an amazing feeling being able to see, oh, we are building this whole thing to get it. That's us., it feels you are Learning to let go a little bit of the reins and trusting, the team more. And Duplicating yourself. And I that, you say it is a great feeling because then you can go and focus on other stuff. if that you have the team there and you trust the team to hold, The same quality standards as you. The. Last thing that I wanted to mention is, I think people can sign up for fast API Cloud now,? Yes. people can go and join the waiting list is fast API cloud.com. Hey, we, I hope we are going to start laying people. Lean soon to try out the beta eh., I think, I think that will be something great for people to go and try and also keep using the open source projects because now They have a little more power behind them.,, I will say you're in good hands but,, I'm tired. but,