What if you could put a box? in between all of your data systems on one side, all of the data databases data, warehouses whatever Data Systems, and your llm systems on the other side and have straight lines. Oh, you need data from Salesforce Google, get it for you. You need data from postgres, we'll go get it from you. You need data from Snowflake or databricks. We'll go get it from you for you. My name is deepti srivastav. I am the CEO founder of a snow leopard AI which is a intelligent data retrieval platform that we're building. And I take my coffee with Milk and sugar. And you can come at me said to me the you back in the pandemic days went to some virtual online Meetup that we did and it was on mlflow and I think I know exactly the one that you are talking about because it ended up being one of the most watched Episodes later, when we put it on YouTube and I really think it's because it hit a nerve and the episode was the difference between Cube flow and mlflow. Oh interesting. Yes, maybe And it's super confusing, especially back in those days in 2020. Folks didn't really understand either one or how when to use one and when to use the other and Byron came on and he explained it look Cube flow is a sledgehammer and mlflow is a little pickaxe you they're both great tools, it depends on what you're trying to get done and I I thought that was that was awesome and it's really cool to hear that. all the way back in those days you had seen the MLS Community when I wasn't, When I wasn't as excited or when I wasn't in it I was excited about the community but I wasn't even in it at the time and I was, oh, this is interesting at some point I should look it up and lo and behold what is it? Five years later, four and a half. Here we are. that's very exciting. Full circle. And the, the thing that I think is is really cool. As you were saying,, back in those days, even, we were talking about this problem that you've been hearing and talking with folks about a lot. Can you break down what the problem is? And then we can get into different thesis around it.. There are many ways to talk about the problem, but the Crux of it is. in this new world of llms, we expect, AI to be this trillion dollar, new industry, new platform shift, by the way, I bought into it, this is why I'm here with no leopard,?, I bought into it. Whatever 222 ish when the when you really broke.. When the hype happened, I was, because I'm not into high but I'm backing up. I'm a distributed systems person. I've been an infrastructure. My entire life. We are Because we care about production and 5997 availability and all that stuff and you can't really be, oh, let's try the new thing and,. I come from that and that's I think that's important because as I said, I don't believe in hype, but when I saw it and played with it, I was, no, this is truly a platform shift. I also did a minor in AI back in the day and in undergrad and I was, This is hype., the issue is, this is truly a platform shift alums enable. many things that we didn't even think was possible, but and this is the Crux of what I believe the problem is,? Four llms to be the platform shift that they are for Gen AI, for AI applications to truly change. The way people live work, behave. You need to connect them to the crown jewels of any business or any user situation,? And that is operational data. And by operational data, structured data.,, SQL. No SQL API based information,? Today, there is a huge chasm. Still between operational data on the one side and llm and Alum based apps on the other side. And that's precisely what snow leopard. And I set out to do when we, when we, when I started, it's a I 100% agree with this idea of For AI to live up to the hype? Yes, we're going to need to plug into all of this data and I I don't think that's necessarily the most spicy take. Everyone is saying that and they're almost saying it,, incessantly on all of these different social networks, we got to have, you want to have your own data and you want to have your own models? That's the theory that we see and on the other hand, though, what I do think is fascinating here with what you're saying is We need to be able to connect it to data that now, we are not necessarily connecting it to unless it is we've seen those use cases where it's, agents that are text to sequel agents or you have your data analyst and you're using yellow limbs to query your database that thing. But I feel what we are seeing more often than not. Is. A whole new building. Of gen AI apps. That are off to the side of your structure data it's taking its connected. Yes. In AI in the LMS to your notion, or to your docks or trying to make gyro work with it. And it's not really thinking about connecting it to the databases or the apis that you're talking about. Yes, that's., You're that everybody talks about your data, should be ingested,? And we should connect it, Etc. But I think where exactly to your point where the focus has been has been, chatting with your PDF,?. And that's cool. It is something that was,, wasn't easily possible before this, but I think you you mentioned something very important which is that building apps to the side of your stack, of your critical path is never going to really,, generate those new use cases, use your value, business value, Etc. And, you have to make it part of your critical path in order, for it really, to, to your point live up to the hype,? today, everything is around the fringes,? One of the things that,, when I started talking to, I validated the problem before I even started snow leopard it, I know counterintuitive, but, that's how I am. But, when I started talking to people, VP of platform or had AI, all these companies Enterprise companies smbs,, people in my network, all of them were, We don't have a way good way of putting it in our true stack,? And there's a lot of talk to your point about how there's a new stack emerging the anytime there's a new stack that's outside of what the existing stock is to be honest,? And in my experience of 20 years of doing this, Building data infrastructure and systems for Enterprises,? Production grade Data Systems you have to, Everything exists, the text stack exists in an ecosystem. It exists in a context. And if you want to drive value or create new value, whether it's for users or for business,? You have to be part of that unique ecosystem. You have to fit into it. You can't be this cool new thing and adopt us here but the rest of your whole world is here.. I think that's really the key,? and we can get into this but I do believe one more thing here that while people say that,, you should connect your, your llms and your agents in your assistance to this this data I fundamentally believe that the way that people are going about it isn't going to solve the problem. It's funny because I instantly think of this visual of I live in Germany and I was driving down the street, the other day. And what do? There's a caravan of Motorcycles with sidecars on them. And it feels what we're doing with Jenny, I is the sidecar to the motorcycle, which is the production system.. Yes. And I let's let's get into the spicy takes. I have quite a few but here we go., but I think, The way people do it today is,, rag, which is retrieval augmented generation which the concepts sounds good. There is the other thing which you're saying which,, you train your own LMS and you do all this stuff,?, both those options don't get you to where you need to be. alright, spicy. Take number one. Is that?. Doing ETL and putting all your data into a lake house ocean. whatever.. Isn't solving the problem., spicy take number two is and this is the more important spicy take which is that, we're talking about intelligence will solve. This agents will become self-aware et cetera and we'll go out and do stuff and that's cool. I'm not against that,? But the problem is the most intelligent. Machines today, human beings. Don't make the decision regardless of how smart they are regardless of how cool their reasoning is,? how good they are at reasoning and, all of that stuff. The intelligence today. Doesn't know how to make good decisions with bad data. Bad data is equal to stale data all., by the way,, if I asked you, if you've been in a coma for six months and I ask you,? Who's the president of the United States, who is the prime minister of another country? Until I give you that information until you Google, it perplexity at open AI at whatever. You don't know that answer you cannot make the decision,? if if intelligence today, best intelligence today can't make that, can't make decisions, without the data at the time. Those words are important,? Data, place, time,? Until you do that. there is no way that artificial intelligence is going to be able to make the decisions,? we have to reasoning will not solve it all is, is the point I'm trying to make. I know this is a This is a counterculture take especially for this audience, but but I'm really honestly, trying to help. I'm honestly trying to make that intelligence more intelligent,? more useful., and I I don't necessarily think that it is counterintuitive to say that reasoning is not going to do it because the thing that we've seen time and time again is The more context you provide to a model. The higher likelihood that you're going to get. To. Either the task being done or the answer that you're looking for. And again, if you're not able to provide it, the correct data in the form of the context, Even if you are providing it a lot of data, but it's not the stuff, then that's. It's gonna be a shity yet, answer or outcome, regard. We talk a lot about hallucination. And, yes, there are inherent reasons in the way, the other ones are built? That can cause illusion. I agree with that, but honestly, a lot of the Hallucination is because you're not getting the data. It's trying to answer human beings hallucinating. And if we get the wrong information at the wrong time, we will hallucinate.? And the other thing I will say here is you were saying to give you, the more context you give it, there is an inflection point on which if you give it too much data, It will also come to the wrong conclusion,? Because it doesn't know what to focus on, which is very intuitive as human beings,?, if you throw a bunch of data at me, And I owe information at me, and I don't know where to focus., I may pick up the wrong thing,? And start going down the wrong Rabbit Hole. Again, these are very to your point, they're not sexy things but they are very important in my opinion. Again as a boring infrastructure, person to enable all the cool stuff to be built,? we're we're still nibbling at the edges and until we really bring the data from the place, at the time to these systems, whether they're assistance agents, the next big thing in reasoning. And AI,, we're not gonna really we're only scratching the surface here., it's true. We had donae on here, probably three months ago now and she was talking about how Difficult. It was to get an agent to say no or to say that it did not have the information that it needed or that it did not understand the tasks that you are asking for and it plays into what you're talking about with hallucinating because you asked it to do something. And then if it doesn't fully understand or there's a fuzziness to the terms that you're using, then it comes back with one in interpretation that may or may not be what you are trying to get. And then you're this, hallucinated this shit out of the answer. And you have to figure out a how to The troubleshoot that and what they did is they said we are going to create a glossary of all of the terms that we're using and we need to make sure that there's no vagueness in any of these terms. The definitions of these words and these key terms that we are creating, they can't be fuzzy, it can't be vague at all which when a human reads it they think oh that's fine. And then when you go and you try and evaluate the output on it you see? Oh. I guess it didn't really understand what I meant by create a good summary. If it's, what is good. That's objective.? I think there's two things here that I believe are key,? One is imagine think about how much work they had to do and it's still wasn't producing the answers,? Because They are inherently. here's the other reason that I think what we're doing, Is interesting to me because, llms are really good at this fuzzy, interpretation of stuff,?, they're really good at summarization,, classification, those kinds of things that inherently require a little bit of, extrapolation if you will and but they're not good at Point. Lookup Point Solutions specific. Yes, no answers in all cases now. Yes, you can. You can tune them. You can do reinforcement learning, and they'll get closer and closer and closer to what you want to do,? But But not everybody has the time money expertise to do that, first of all and secondly they're really good if you give them again, I'm gonna keep going back to this the information for them to make the decision,? And this is where I think. I think honestly llm get a bad rap in some way because because ultimately everybody's using rag, to do it. And the way rag is done today is ETL a bunch of data into a vector store,? And then use the vector store to build context and in that query time. But Vector stores themselves are fuzzy matching systems. They are not Point. Lookup systems, they are not precise answers systems,? They're meant to do what they're doing, which is beef fuzzy matching,., whether you spell Demetrius with An with an S or a z. They're going to come up with the same. they may come up with both answers because they, to them they're oh these are similar. You wanted similar research here, these two have similar. Now you figure it out,? and,, we're taking First of all, the all the information that truly can help. Make this happen is,, the crown jewels. As I keep saying are in your databases data, warehouses in your Salesforce HubSpot, those kinds of api-based systems,? Which if you extract them, you change their nature, you lose business contacts and you put in this Vector store.. now they've lost all the structure. The information that was very carefully designed to be in those systems., you've completely lost it,? It's in some blob, in some essential fuzzy matching system,? And then you pick it up from there., not only is it still not only does it suffer from all the ETL and reverse ETL problems. It also suffers from, you took it out from a context in which it exists. You put it in a different context with a bunch of other data,. And then you serve it to the yellow and, then then you're,. The definition of good aside. It won't know whether to hot and how to answer the question,? I think there is something to be said for fine-tuning around. give me a yes or no answer but the way the models are going you if you tell them not to if you don't know, tell me don't know. they will tell you that today the models are getting smarter in this regard,? then what you need to do is no matter again, no matter how smart they get without them. Knowing what you're asking about, they can't give you cancer. and, I do this almost, I look at it as compression loss, when you're taking it, you're ETL yelling, it and doing all this stuff. And I make me think about something that I've been pondering for a while which is you don't hear as much about rag these days because agents are all the rage. Yes. The next wave of five of high exactly. And and you connect them to your mCP server and you're good. Let's talk all happy about the outcome then it changes the world in the way we work. But the thing that I, constantly going back to when it comes to rag, or when it comes to how we are doing things. And we have been doing things with llms to try and create products that are valuable products with them. And, and new products inherently new products. It's not we're grabbing an llm and sticking it into a fraud detection system that we have traditionally used ml for.. And with rag, I I always laughed because I would think Are we? Over engineering the shit out of this. We straight up, we're going, and we're creating all of these different hacks. And, in the beginning, it's not even. Then it goes to advance Rag. And then we're, no, we gotta do graph rag, because at each stage, it feels to me,, we get to the stage. We think this is going to help us create a better system and have more reliability, have more consistency in the output and then at some point you see the Outcome and you recognize, it's good., it's good. But is it what we really need is it?, maybe let's try the new technique. Maybe there's a better technique out of their butt and or maybe we can engineer this a little bit more to try to get better results. And it's it's inherent Because of the stage that the models were at. I do think that with the new reasoning models, potentially, we're going to see these huge leaps due to that, but that always, it always makes me laugh oh it feels we're having to do a lot of bending over backwards., to make this work and I also would laugh because all of that work that we're doing all that bending over backwards to create some chatbot that can tell you about your company's. HR policy is not worth it and that is very clear. I am happy that you brought this up because Happy. But it resonates with me. That's that's what because, I I have been in that world for long. Forget AI,? this world of Oh, we need this date on now. now we're gonna create this complex pipeline to go from point, A, to point B, but oh, we forgot about this n plus one Silo,? And now we have to,, create a whole new pipeline,? And a whole new way to do ETL and that takes months, first of all, if not write many months a few months for sure, and then, oh, by the way, we changed the dashboard or the use case, or now in the AI world, the question, A little bit. Which requires a mobilization of entire teams to rejig the whole thing you're. I'm sad to see these complicated. Wires pipes going everywhere. if you look at a data architecture a real data architecture diagram, not one put forward to present and decision. it's this, it's quickly lines. I know there's a podcast you can see me articulating crazy, but It's squiggly lines and know. Sometimes, you can't even tell why the line exists where it goes to what's going on,? It's over-engineered. Which honestly, my heart goes out to the developers that are, trying to maintain these systems and build them and enhance them,? Because you need an answer to a new report instantaneously. And the way these systems are crafted, precisely for the, for many of the reasons that you called out,? the models were not as good. The data systems were not as good. They're not as scalable, they're not as,, any to any connections.,. What if we took an eraser? That's what I try to do when I was initially coming up with the architecture forever, erase, erase. What if you could put a box, in between all of your data systems on one side, all of the data databases data, warehouses whatever Data Systems, and your llm systems on the other side and have straight lines. Oh, you need data from Salesforce Google, get it for you. You need data from postgres or we'll go get it from you. You need data from Snowflake or databricks. We'll go get it from you for you,? no need for this. Craziness. Because in my experience again having seen Google Oracle,, even at observable looking at how people are building applications on top of these Stacks, they spend developers data analyst, business analyst, all of that, the whole data Engineers are spending upwards of 70 to 80% of their time. doing this part which means you're not spending as much time building those. New value, creation applications, new business, creation new,, user value opportunities, because you're spending all your time doing this. what if you didn't have to do that? And you could spend time,, coming up with the new creative ways of doing stuff. I was talking to a data engineering friend of mine a few weeks ago and he mentioned the predicament that he is in now which is for the last three years. Their company made this big push to self-serve analytics and That was incredible. the whole digital transformation thing and he's data engineer. And, he said, now I've come into this company and we've got over 11,000 data assets that the engineering team has to keep and, or has to service. he's saying, we're rethinking. This whole self-serve thing and wondering, what can we blow up or what can we take the Eraser to and what is valuable or It crosses a certain threshold of value and is still being used because a lot of these are built by someone that person leaves then there's no knowledge sharing on how those dashboards are created. It breaks one day and boom that person's out of there and, you don't really get it again and why would you if itself serves? it's almost,, I didn't really even that dashboard that much. I'm gonna create a new one and I have a better way of doing it,? Of course. And, You get into those scenarios. I I do Wonder though in this world that you're mapping out where you have the abstraction on top of all the data sources. What would keep it from also being in that sprawl? Because the developers are not building. That's brought,?, I think there's a couple of things here. One is We're not saying it's magic but we're saying instead of each developer and data engineer, team Etc, doing this over and over again. we we do it in a generic way for them that they're not having to engineer pipelines at all or maintain them or build them at all. the what we're saying this is again I think a spicy take Maybe I think it's the you have to imagine the world differently and then see if you can get there. In a way,? Because a lot of this sprawling situation comes from, frankly, the data world I've been in and,, data grew faster than the systems that could support it.? then there was all this put it in a lake then put it in an ocean. Put it in a house,? All those things happen and To be honest with you, ETL is helpful, especially in the business analytics, historical Trend analysis, those kinds of things. But now that people had a place to do that,? round Peg, square hole, everything goes in there and everything needs to get out of there,?, that's one way to go about it. Which causes this, Do we have this and Silo? Have we put it and put it into this Lake House Ocean. if we have and then we have to go build it,? And then to your point there are these all these random dashboards. But what we're trying to say is, specifically what I'm trying to to do here is what if you didn't have to move the data? What if you could go get the data? from the source directly when you ask a question, there are no pipelines. It's not that we are building the pipelines. There are no pipelines. There is connection to the data source and you go fetch data from there when you need it. It's when I ask you a question and you go look up Your favorite search engine and find the answer, you're not keeping all that data, downloading it, sifting through it filter, it none of that is happening. You're saying hey what's my date of birth? Oh go to the database that you some social security database or something, and go get it., how do you deal with things such as? I need A lot of data points on. I need to know how many customers did XYZ but in the source data, There you need to apply a few different kinds of Transformations., top of that to get that answer. That's a classic data, warehousing problem and those data warehouse is already built. I am saying you don't need to build new pipelines and new data sources and new connections,? if you're doing something that is important to your business, which is where the original data warehousing concept comes from,? We can go fetch it from that data warehouse. But what we can also do in this is what's done through complex software or complex pipelining today. We can also do things, or we should be able to do things, hey,, for example if you ask me I say this offering I I don't care about Terminator happening,? I care about where my order is. If I ordered something online for example, and speaking of which I ordered some fucking coffee the other day, turns out, for some reason it was in Google my address for my old house in Spain. now somebody in Spain has got some nice ass coffee. Hilarious. If I the 10th. Damn, where is that coffee? I could really use it now but anyway, sorry I that's a really good example somewhere. Something should have updated your data.. I didn't happen,? Because somebody wants somewhere if they'd ultimately but the point is We're saying, what if you had to for you to look up your order, ask,? Your favorite assistant. Where is my coffee? It needs to do two things. You need to look up where your coffee order was made here. Whether it was an espresso or some other fancy stuff,? And then, where was it shipped? Which means now you're looking at a Poster's database or some CRM system,? And then you also looking at your tracking system, you PS or something that, that means you're supposed to do a join. Between two data sources that are outside. data bases data, warehouses data, Lakes are all great. Adjoining Within And if you need to join two sources today, you have to dump the data in one place that they can do a Crosstour joint. but what I'm saying is you need what you need to do. What a human would do is look up. The,, your tracking number., from your order management system and then look up the tracking history in the delivery system.. Snowboard can can do that. the aim with smaller. You can pull from both of those places and give you an answer.. you don't have to build any pipeline, you don't have to create any new way of answering this question. If you're building an assistant or an agentic flow, you asked snow leopard. The question and Snow Leopard said, oh, I need to., it's doing intelligent routing. It's saying, oh, I need to go to these two different sources,? And then is doing intelligent. Querying query building, which is oh, for UPS. I need to write this query because the nappy and for, Salesforce I need to write a software and for postgres, I need to a postgresql query,? Which is different from a snowflake SQL query, which is different from a database query database query.. it builds that in real time, then it went and fetched directly from those sources. that means the data is fresh, which means if, if the coffee was delivered and to Spain in the last half an hour, you should be able to get that information set of. It's still in transit. Then you go back and look at it next day because,,, dated dumping is Dale, that's what we're that's the world we are talking about. That's the world where imagining and that's where, I've talked to recently to a cql itself or as I talked to,, head of Dei and Ai and Asia for PNG the stuff you were talking about. They're dealing with that same stuff? 8,000, silos of data. Which dashboard is powering what?? let's pair it down because we need to figure out how to maintain it,? our data Engineers are drowning in that are data, data, scientists are drowning and all of that.., and we didn't even touch on the data quality part, where it's, oh, something changed upstream. And now the data is absolutely worthless because of the way that these dashboards have been built. One thing that I Want to know about. This vision of how things work it. Do dashboards still play a part in this world or is it questions? And I have to know what question in our masking. before I can get the answer because I think sometimes when I look at a dashboard it Provokes questions inside of me. I think this is a very interesting philosophical question, and I think there's different cams on this. again, as an infrastructure person, I don't, predicting the future but, my work at observable which is a data visualization platform. we are all visual people. data points on a graph is much easier to rock than a 1000 data points, we know that. our dashboards going away, no I don't think. I think data visualization will always exist because the easiest way for humans to rock information. But what if you could augment that with asking, all the questions that came up,? In your mind, when you looked at a dashboard, could be answered instantaneously because you could go get the data if the data exists,?, you didn't have to, I will give you an example when I was looking at churn for my product, at Google,? I have to first because first of all, I didn't have I didn't have the dashboards. I had to build the dashboard. I came up with a solution for what data we need Etc. Then I need to talk to my business analyst friend. Who was by the way stretched thin because he was,, looking after 10 different products., I do Q into his thing into his warped flow., hey, I have, I want to build this churn dashboard needs to pick data from here. Here here.. Can you build me that?. now, once once you build it for me, three weeks later, I looked at it and I'm, oh, I need to know Turn by geography, churn in Southeast Asia. Turn in the US turn in Canada markets. In fact, one level deeper turn-in,, industry as,? each time that answer question came up. It was a few weeks to get that answer, either. He had to build that into the into the data warehouse, or he had to take the time to pull it out and give it to me. But what if I could, once you have the dashboard but I forgot chat with let's say was bigquery that where all the day existed I could chat with my bigquery and I would also be able to join it to all the Salesforce data that had The latest customer information what if I could do that and the system would take care of that for me,? we're talking about agentic flows here too by the way,? agentic flows have the same problem and spicy taking number three is Why I'm CP is amazing and has it's a great start open source, start to the to the connector problem. It doesn't solve it? It also had, I believe it has all the same problems that previous generations of solutions have had, which is that, it's not really tackling the hardest part of the problem and the hardest part of the problem always is The intelligent routing. And more importantly, business logic. Know I mentioned before we had done a on here and she had built a data analyst agent and the way that they did it to. Keep the agent. in line we could say, is that They had different slack channels for different agents with access to certain databases. you would have a marketing black channel that has access to the marketing databases and the marketing type of queries we're happening in there. And that was almost the way that they were able to hardcode. Yes. Hey agent, you speak this dialect of sequel. You have access to this type of database here. And here is your glossary as we mentioned before. if any of these key terms come up, what they are and where to get them and grab that information and they were able to do cool stuff and the agent could then go and create sequel statements and pretty much do a lot of the Menial work. We could say I I think I remember them saying it was a barbell. The majority of the questions that were asked, were those questions that are not super complex., but they're not. Something that someone who has no idea of data and is not a data, analyst would be asking, it's those those middle of the road questions. And anyway this all this whole story. is because I would love to know how are you making sure that the agents or your system? Speaks the language to the database, that is. A wonderful question. Inside everything you described is how people are trying to do it,? The hard coding piece is, that's how it's done to me, you have to hard code and you have to separate out because otherwise Mixing questions that go to my SQL. Dialect versus going to snowflake. I even though they're all Sequel and they all follow and see sequel standards. Will confuse the heck out of everything the system entire system, including Alum,? This is why text to SQL, doesn't work either apart from the fact that it hallucinates and all that stuff. It's which dialect and what is allowed in which dialect and, and this works better for open source databases because the llm type gone through that. But for closed doors databases, it's A nightmare. I know because we have been doing it., what we're doing is, we're using known data infrastructure techniques to do things that Are essentially systems problems. We are not trying to shove systems problems into the reasoning AI, predictive world. As I said earlier, alums are great at classification at summarization and and those types of tasks,? Deterministic systems are great at. if you if you code them the way, they are great at, Point lookups and, and being able to do precise and deterministic work, when you are building a sequel query for the dialect, you are doing precise and deterministic work. we are using essentially data. Retrieval techniques, not in IR, but data, retrieval technique. we are building SQL, for example, if you're talking about SQL,? we're building the SQL for the dialect,? Based on where that query needs to go to. And we're doing it in a deterministic way, which means we're using data or query building techniques query building, techniques exist, databases use Query Builders data warehouses using use Query, Builders a bunch of data retrieval systems, build use Query Builders, we are doing it. Using those techniques and using existing methodology to, for example ormes are great and doing this,? we use that existing methodology for building a postgres, SQL query versus a snowflake query. We're doing this today. We have a design partner that has data in. One of the proprietary warehouses and we build queries for that on the fly.. where do you need to do that intelligence in retrieval, oh,, based on this question and based on my understanding of business logic we know that the query needs to go to postgres and also there's a separate query that needs to go to, let's say bigquery. Interesting. We build both of those once we know that,, then, the rest of it is deterministic,? the rest of it is, oh, build, a postgresql query, build a bigquery SQL query., we do that. And that is we're using. This is what I think is exciting. Is we're using data system and deterministic programming techniques. For that piece and we're using., Ai and agentic work for the intelligence in the routing and intelligence and what data? We need to fetch the understanding. if I'm understanding this correctly, it is AI gets to a certain point, it takes the query and then it says all, cool. To answer that I'm going to need to use these tools and then boom, when it fires it off to the tools then it steps back. It's not creating the sequel and I think that is a Really. Good way of doing it because you're taking a lot of the responsibility off of the llm. And that's anyone who's dealt with LMS know that the less responsibility, you give them the better. Unless you do something, where it's very cilidin. Calls to the LM to double check the query and do this. it gets back to that hacking us a little bit all cool. we do that and then when something gets returned, they're all double checking it there to make sure hey judging by this question. Is this sequel query and the data retrieved doesn't make sense. And you'll have a critiquing agent that is is double checking all of that. But in your case, you're saying, The LM is only used to. Understand the query. And then fire off the different tools that it needs,? And that's, how you would describe it in the,, these days, the NCP, agentic world,? But we're taking renin firing off a tool call. We're taking responsibility for how that tool is created and the accuracy of that tool as,? when we ran our benchmarks, for example, internally, we did it with an older rag ish system, which is how most of these things work, We had a 99.98% accuracy. This is without us doing any fine tuning of our own intelligence. And the system, we were comparing against had, six percent accuracy for this type of sequel. Based lookup.? Because either, doesn't know how to build the sequel or it's not getting the data or its hallucinating. All of those things. don't, even what you would do, but but that aside I think back to your use case to donate was was building,? What we are doing for our design partner here is that's slack channel can be used by sales and marketing people.. What if you could have that? Because It turns out there's a lot of overlap in the kinds of questions that sales and marketing people have around,, the the pipeline piece and all the way to the sale and post-sale piece around customer data and around it. all that stuff., If both of them can ask questions then we didn't have to and you didn't have to hard-code anything,? Then you Open up this whole new world where they could probably even talk to each other and come up with better campaigns and better end-to-end workflows for for having making a sale happen,? I think what we're what I'm imagining is In this world of ad hoc questioning. And ad hoc information needs. Why not make the information? retrieval ad hoc, why not make the data retrieval ad hoc? what we're doing is we're having a natural,, there's in the data world, there's all this single API to fetch everything, which is never worked because,, you talked about one of the many problems which is we'd sequel. Do you build at the end of this single API? But what if the API is not natural language? Which is what it's become, but then it translates to the precise. other end, what you're calling tools,? it translates to the precise dialect that those tools talk., the tool is not doing any guessing., the API is not doing any guessing.? You use the intelligence for what needs to be used for they understanding and the oh I think it needs to go here and do this. And then you leave the rest of it to the parts that know how to do it. Which again, these needs to better accuracy. I didn't quite understand. How are you? differentiating on that tool called part, and Taking ownership for the outcome that, all? We're going into whatever database, whether the air table or your CRM of choice, and we're ensuring that. It's going to gather that data properly. Or I think you you said something we authenticated, or we authorize that it will be correct. Oh, we're taking responsibility for the accuracy. I think,? think, it's no. Labor is a three-part. workflow the first part to be more let's dive into it,? the first part is what you said. you have a question, we do natural language understanding no rocket science here,? Mostly AI here and then the next part is we are combining data. Infrastructure logic your business logic to figure out which API call needs to be made. This is our proprietary way of doing. Or rather, this is the build intelligence. We're building,? And then once we figure out, or it needs to go fetch user ID,, in your case, for example, it needs to fetch your name, your address and the order number,? From one place,? Which is your, let's say CRM system and he needs to fit the order information and shipping information from the delivery system.. Once we know those two things, this is what the intelligence is, telling us, then building the query. we're not doing taxes equal,? there is no fuzziness there. We're saying, build a sequel. Statement, which is, it's a known thing,, build this equal statement. Directly for this particular dialect and we go build it., we're using the regular programming, systems programming to do that and then we go run it on that system.,, if you run a PG, SQL query on a PG SQL database, it will give you the information., that's known.. And then yes, we can run it through an evaluation system and all that stuff,? Which is again, these are known things that people have done.. But the there is no, oh, did it get the data, did it,, we had this column, but does that column exists?, I don't know., that's what you do when you do text to sequel or these agentic flows,? The tools have to you hand off a lot of responsibility to the tool and the tool developer has to take on the responsibility which and you don't know who the tool developer is,?, number one, number two, different tool developers. mCP servers for posters can be built by anyone.? And because there's no you have to build it this way and CP the protocol and mCP, the Open Source in framework, doesn't tell you that you have to do it in this way. Which means different people can interpret that framework and build. Different mCP, servers.? either you with any other open source software it either, you take somebody's MCPE server, then you Harden, it you test it, you fix things in it the way you want them to be fixed,? Or you rely on them to do the thing, which Anybody's that been in the open source world,? It's the last 20% is where all the 80% of the work goes, in hardening it. And the one additional thing here is that we are taking the responsibility of understanding business Logic. The you tell us,. Which The NCP server is a connector,?. it's going to do if you give me a single query, I'll go run it on on postgres, but which SQL query to run? Is that the SQL query to run?, does it understand whether the column order ID with a capital is different from column order number with a small, it goes down to that level of confusion and complexity,? This is what we're trying to do., the downfall of the mCP servers are very much that and I appreciate you calling that out real fast because it is very, Easy to put up a mCP server. And that's the blessing and a curse. Yes, 100%. That's, that's probably why it is incredibly popular now because folks can stand up and mCP server in a few hours, that's. But as you said, if you don't know, And really know, intimately the ins and outs of your postgres database. You throw up a server with a lot of tools. And those are your opinions on how the tools work. You could get yourself into trouble or if I come and I grab your mCP server and I think all cool it's a postgres MCB server. I'm gonna Throw this into my postgres. And then,, there's there's a little bit of wire Crossing that can happen.. And I I agree with,, I think it is a blessing on the course,? I I'm not trying to poop on it. I'm trying to point out because people attach themselves emotionally to the next big thing to the next type. And then they get super disappointed,? And I and I want people to understand and go wise wide open,? it's great for snow leopard if there's empty service because if one gets popular, it helps us because we don't have to build a connector then it accelerates, user delivery for us honestly,. But I want people to know that there are, there are blindsides to this that you want to be aware of you want to go in eyes wide open, it's fun to play with, but in my experience building, those High availability, High reliability, production systems requires a lot more than, putting something together in a few hours,? that's not the hard part. The hard part is. Again going from POC to production,? this is still a problem, I think with, systems from the,, engineering leaders ctOS that I talk to that., we built this cool thing. We couldn't put it in production because reliability and accuracy. And, all performance doesn't even a thing,? now, it's reliability and accuracy., I needed to answer the question when I needed to answer the question in a reasonably Accurate Way., we're we're with waiting. 15 minutes to get this answer back as long as it's answer. And,. Anything else you want to touch on before we go? I think it's a really exciting world that we live in now. I think the fact that there is mCP in the fact that there is all this discussion around tools and things that means that people are finally really starting to understand the thing that I was saying I went blue in the face if you look at my LinkedIn from last year going but you need your your structured Data Systems you need them. And I'm personally really excited that people are starting to notice this. and it's starting to pay attention this problem because that is what I believe will cause The true wave of AI to make people's lives better. but, I'm really excited to talk to the people who are facing this problem. I want to,, even deny, for example, it's been really exciting to hear from you about what,, they've been doing there because I want to understand honestly how people are tackling this? Do they have this problem? How are they attacking it?. Can we help it's a really exciting time to be in this space. And I keep saying the last thing I'll say here's,, I have been telling my my systems friends, hey, come over on the AI side. It's. I know it's non-deterministic and I know you hate that. Oh, hell no, come on. It's it's fun out here and I really, I feel some people are setting up to pay attention, which I'm Which I'm excited about because I want the AI world in the systems world to come together because that's how we're gonna, we're gonna solve these problems., I'll have to introduce you to donate and for anybody that wants to check it out it's no leopard dot Ai and I I love what you're doing. I think it is super cool and I'm excited to see how it progresses and live in a world where you have infinite connectors to all of these different databases. I can I have a use case now that I'm thinking about where I was asking myself. many different questions yesterday and I have to go and gather the data between airtable and Salesforce and I am really bad at Salesforce and it took me way longer than it should have. And and then you get into, oh, I don't know if I have access to that day and that's not going to be solved by Snow Leopard. I'm sure but I have to go and talk to somebody and say hey I need this for my report blah blah. data funded for a world where snow leopard can hopefully get rid of the majority of that pain. thank you. It was fun to talk to you. Give me trust. Thank you much for having me and and this is this is the thing that I think people should be talking about the very exciting.