I didn't realize that this was a profession where you helped claimants or people that are applying for disability to advocate for them through this process. And it was very interesting introduction because this firm handles many cases at one time, I was handling, 300 cases a year. I'm really excited to talk to you because of your position. How you are the subject matter expert? Who has turned into a Founder that is using AI to leverage their product and Company. And when I say leverage, that you're almost then AI native. Company is what I think the best term would be. let's start with setting. The scene of what exactly are you doing? What is the company? And how Are you attacking the space that you're in?, the nutshell we are providing a suite of tools. Leveraging large language models to help streamline, the pain points of Social Security, disability attorneys Social Security disability attorneys advocate for people claimants that are applying for disability benefits because they no longer can work. It's a welfare safety net in the United States. I'm pretty sure that most European countries have these. You essentially pay into a trust fund, if you get hurt You have a safety net. And if that pays you a monthly benefit, as with any government process, a bureaucratic Nightmare. And attorneys are often needed to get involved to help advocate for clients. And what we're doing because of the bureaucratic nightmare with documentation, all types of evidence that's needed to help advocate for them. We are using large language models to streamline a lot of those processes., we'll talk about it. The exact processes is that your streamlining, but to set the scene more for me as someone who is not and has not ever filed for any claims., I get injured and I am a W-2 employee or I I'm a employee or even I'm a business owner. I have my own LLC and I can then go to the government and say, I can't work for the next six months or a year. I would to get paid while I'm not working. Is that what I'm understanding know? It's generally, you need to establish that you have a disabled condition that's going to prevent you from working for 12 months consecutive 12 months and what they call severe impairments. And it can be a range of conditions for mental to physical, whether it's from major depressive disorder or to having a nerve or compression in your spine. It's going to prevent you from working for 12 months. The arduous part of the process is getting the evidence to establish, why you can't work. And that's what attorneys are doing. It's it's it's collecting all the evidence from the different people involved in the process from either your doctors or getting information from your employers to explain why you no longer can either do your password. The job that you're currently in or even in the past or why you couldn't do an easier job Walmart greeter,, you think about why can you do a very easy, simple job. And you have to establish it for 12 month, period. And you are your payments are based on what you've paid in Social Security taxes in the United States. when you've get withholding Out of your paycheck, that's how they determine what your monthly benefit would be. All, and now the attorney gets involved because if I fill out all the paperwork and then I get rejected, that's where the attorney gets involved, or is it? When I'm filling out the paperwork, there's different attorneys, get depending on attorney strategy, and business model. A Lot, oftentimes turns will pick it up initially, and other times attorneys. Don't want to get involved till later on because there's a process where you have essentially four opportunities to establish your disability. And then, after the fourth shot, the agency, or the Social Security Administration says, hey, you have an established it, what happens is most people end up applying individually online where they fill out online application, provide, the medical documentation. And then, if they are denied at these first step, then they will call an attorney, to help them collect the necessary at evidence. And navigating this, I said, this bureaucratic nightmare because it's a lot of Convoluted regulations that don't really make any sense. And and attorneys have to, they do this all the time. they understand what's the most streamlined process to effectively get you. Those benefits. And that we're the translator of of this for this regulatory framework, that and this is where it gets interesting because that if I understand correctly, is what you used to do. Yes. And, I started out my journey. I've been practicing for 12 years. Now when I got out of law school, I graduated 2011. It was after the recession. It was a joke. You had a better opportunity, become a barista, then you did getting a job at a law firm. And honestly, at the beginning, I was substitute teaching, I went one week from Reading Cat in the Hat, The Kindergartners to accepting a job at a social security disability practice at the time. I didn't know anything about social security disability. Other than my mom had received benefits and that you had a social security number. I didn't realize that this was a profession where you helped claimants or people that are applying for disability to advocate for them through this process. And It was. A very interesting introduction because this firm handle many cases at one time. I was handling 300 cases a year. Wow. 40,000 miles on the road going to hearings all over Arkansas and the region. And then at the same time they expected me to do. What is a more technical part of this job, which is a pellet, drafting think about the real deep research type drafting essentially auditing the Social Security Administration. what if a case is denied, then that portion of the job is to identify all of the errors there that have been made when the Social Security Administration reaches a determination because each stage, they have to provide a notice and explain why you were denied. And I had to do both at the same time, which is a very To write out of the gate would not knowing anything about. It was pretty scary.. And big Tom imposter syndrome. And obviously with with with being a lawyer you have to worry about malpractice ethics cannot effectively advocate for all these people at the same time and that's where that was the Catalyst of how I started leveraging technology with this job.. now take me into the journey that you have had into Tech., I said I was scared to death when I got into this practice area, but I've always been a computer nerd, always trying to find ways to automate processes and I was saying, a lot of what this advocacy job is is developing the record essentially and getting that evidence needed to establish was someone's to say, disciples, And, what is that? What is that evidence? That's, that's the medical evidence and Oftentimes, you're dealing with thousands of pages of medical evidence and you're trying to find a needle in the haystack., and at the time before we had all, that The AI that we have today, you are digging through thousands of pages of medical evidence and trying to dig out insights within that evidence. Because oftentimes there is a regulation that has some Mapping to a clinical finding wait. it's not as easy as me saying, hey, my back hurts, I broke my back, I can't sit anymore and the doctor signed off on that, not at all. It's sometimes, you can have three dogs trading, doctors saying, explaining, why you're disabled and agency will still deny you? What? Yes. Wow. Have your job is an advocate is not trying to find that needle in the haystack through thousands of pages of evidence. It's Honestly, developing the record enough., if it is denied, That you've have an opportunity to appeal it to give that person another chance. they could, for instance, if a judge, denies it, what the way? I strategically handle these cases, I present everything. I try to get everything that I can to establish their disabled, but I also have to think what traps can I set in the record? Here that will help me get this case appealed and sent back. it's all that you're always looking at it both ways because there's only, there's, I said, there's four stages. The first stage only about 85% of people get or get denied the second one Higher. And then they, and they after that, you go front of a judge and then there's only a 40% chance that you get approved at that stage. to be a really effective Advocate, you have to look at it real time and say, how can I get them? How can I win this case now? And how can I set this up? Effectively. if they do get denied that I can set a record up to get this overturned and give them another shot at winning. Wow,, you said something in here that automatically made my A light bulb in my head, go off which is finding a needle in a haystack and I'm, oh wait, they had a test for large language model contacts when knows about that. How have you started to incorporate? A different AI processes into this because it feels it's for many different areas, 100%. And, what we're doing and, and, and the United States, they use what they call ICD-10 codes. And I'm sure Europe has a probably similar system of how the they bill diagnosis codes,? The Social Security, Disability framework is built on ICD-10 codes. As far as what I was talking about severe impairments and what we're trying to do, there are severe impairments and it's really new ones and there's, severe severe impairments. And it's called the listing of impairment. And the whole thing that I was very good at what I was doing this work. In the weeds, 300 cases a year was finding that needle in the haystack and using essentially Adobe and plugins to create or pause theories of words to match the regulations. You could almost think of the technical sense named entity recognition I guess. And that's what we were doing and what I would be able to do is flag words to help me find the things that I know I needed to establish to win that case. And at the time,, it would be awesome if you could have this automated system that did all this. Because even with the plugins, it was still an arduous process.. But it was better than a joke. We all control, fine,? To go through it. 2000 record. It was better than that. And this is the Catalyst of why I created Lex Med. And we my best friends on with the law school. We initially came up with this idea and even before opening hours, we were looking at different solutions through AWS Medical comprehend and things that, but it's still wasn't good enough. And when opening I came out and November 2022, the things that I was trying to do. I I could start doing that. And that's and I went ham, essentially, using the logic that I've been doing manually and creating these mapping techniques and building out the logic because of a lot. When I talk about logic with Social Security, It's very much a system where you're using a sequential process with decision, tree, conditional, decision trees, and, using that and leveraging, my understanding of that logic, and then putting it into which things a mega prompt with large language models. And that's how I said, wade, into leveraging Ai and starting this company. And it is from the get-go. If we go back to these different work streams that you had, one is your trying to get someone There, you're trying to get someone not refused and then your appealing refusals and at each step of the way you're building a case. And I am assuming you're looking at what the doctor has given you, and your building the case from various doctors, and you're also putting in to the case these back doors you were talking about for the Repeatedly track since we're setting up.. Setting up booby traps for a pill and if then that's what effective attorneys do in this practice area, has had looking at it both ways to always set it up for success. In case things go wrong,? And, that's the way I set it up and the throw a rich in this thing when I'm talking about these four stages of appeals that you go through the first first two stages, they're gonna deny your case, based on what a contracted doctor has said about your client. the government has their own doctors that will review the medical evidence. Is they get it. And then they're obviously very conservative because they can't give everybody benefits. And those doctors who have not physically examined, your client are determining how they're impairments impact their ability to work and ultimately those opinions become what you have to overcome. And that's the adverse evidence. they have four state document doctors say you can't work and it's the attorney's job to develop the record, whether it's through treating medical providers opinions or diagnostic testing MRIs ultrasounds, whatever you can because they the establish it. The framework requires both medical opinions. An objective findings, they do use subjective complaints., why, how do you feel But it has to be, there has to be a direct connection of how your allegations are aligned with the objective findings and the record. There's a lot of a lot of moving pieces is this where that mapping? And those numbers come in where you say for example you have a spine injury and that maps to a certain number and the doctors for the state are looking at that and saying there's not enough evidence here that that number that you're claiming you have is real. You have to know in the head and this is what I was very effective. At over the years, they have what they call. List of impairments and one of them is that you fit under the muscles listings. they have a category for each body part. And one thing that I was effective with that was 1.04 regulation. A degenerative disc disease with nerve root compression. And, it has all of these qualifying factors that all need to be met within a 12-month period. And the assumption is, if you have all these factors, there's not a question of whether you're going to work. The assumption is, is you're messed up, you can't work, but they're very difficult to me. And for instance, and I'll use this example of finding that needle in the haystack, 1.04 at the time would require Diagnostic Imaging. an MRI establishing that you have nerve or compression in your spot, then you have to have a physical examination that shows you have limited range of motion. Then you have sensory. Sensory loss, reflex loss, muscle loss. And then there's another test called a straight leg. Raise test that indicates. Nerver compression in a 2000 page record. You might not exhibit all of these symptoms in one visit. and the you have your tasks with piecing essentially a puzzle together to make your argument that they meet these requirements and this is where while I was trying to I could create a repository of Words which essentially was A Ctrl F on steroids to match those. they're giving me a cheat sheet to see if they met these requirements but with large language models, it changed the whole game as far as how I did that because Large language models can distinguish between synonyms and the medical record and this is where it's big. where you could use I guess you could say regular expressions and things that. It was very arduous task because at Medical evidence doesn't use the same word. To describe one thing. And you're your question about the back impairment is is a great example. Think about how many times that you can describe reduced range of motion in someone's back., limited reduced. And that is a, there's a medical different, medical framework record. For more use different words, and there might be 20 ways to describe the same thing. And that's where large language models really are helpful with that. They can distinguish between very similar words that mean the same thing. Under the regulatory framework., First of all, I love your use of the word, arduous. That's a great vocabulary. Then I'm going to try and incorporate into my vocabulary and second of all I think I'm getting a better picture here. Now, of you've got these records, these medical records, that are books. It's Iliad in The Odyssey. You've got all of these conditions that need to be met in order for someone to successfully pass and get their claims. And you are trying to match the two and build up this case that says, look judging on when they went to the doctor in January 2022 and then they got this MRI and then they did this and you show all these things that make it. it is very clear. They have done everything, for whatever it was, it 1.04 that you were talking about that. All they jumped through the Hoops, or they tick all of the boxes and you are now kicking off that type of matching, With. A large language model parsing, through all of the records, all of the medical records. And then the large language model. I'm assuming is also parsing through all of the Numbers and all of these codes. whether it's,, you you what we've been focusing on and we're get we're about to build our chart Vision platform, fairly soon, as leveraging what's available? Now, as far as using rag to Since they put a database of this regulatory framework, that's hundreds of pages to help match. These clinical findings to the ground,, ground truth is the regulatory framework and then match it with the medical record. That changes dynamically, because people are constantly treating,? And things change where they might not have met a particular listing in January of 2025. They now have a new diagnostic test that shows that they do have Nerf or compression and that's how we're that's how we're leveraging. The large language models with that. And I can see a world where you're all., As new legislation comes out or as these different tags, get updated that is getting updated too. now you not only need an MRI and to have these different criteria being met, but you also because they updated something in the database from the state side. You need this extra box to be ticked and the large language model can parse out that., in these large bills that come through again, you're in the nail on the head. what what I said that used to with 1.04 a They made it harder in 21.. And now they found out the too many people were getting approved under 1.0 for a. they've essentially added the requirement that you have to be completely compromised in your upper arms, that you effectively can't use them or you require a walker. it's,, you have now that I've essentially made it as, you have the Journey of this disease and you're required Walker,? And you have you have an amputation and you require a walker., I'm not really exaggerating, it's essentially how difficult they've made it. now we've have to find different strategies to get around that these. That's what but that's what great about technology and these new tools because the technology allows us to Pivot, With the when there are fundamental changes in the framework. And we've we're going to be doing that with what our chart Vision project. And we're already have done it with our now of our product that we're doing with our transcription Services where we're doing auditing on hearing testimony where they've changed some regulation recently, talked to me more about that., when I I said this this Lex Med legal medical, that was my, this has been a passion project of mine, but to get to Market early and because of the Technical Feats that we needed to deal with the security apparatus, the amount of money that we needed to do to get everything and do it with the medical analysis. We started out and we are now. We are transcribing hearings, and there's I know there's a lot of different transcriptions Services out there, but what we're doing is adding that subject matter expert Flair to it and, helping identify and translate words that are often misinterpreted with off the shelf solutions by using my contacts and understanding of what the way things should be said and who the speakers should be. And we are using my data that I have where we've got actual hearing audio and have the human transcripts that act as the ground truth. And we're using that to find patterns in our Automatic speech, recognition model using regular Expressions to swap out words. And then we're adding speaker labeling based on who is found in the hearing. And we released that last year and we've taken it to the next step of using my auditing logic with the way that I review decisions. we talked about how we were building a case by using the medical record to help establish disability. This is on the flip side, I'm using my logic to look at how the Social Security Administration messes everything up. The fund errors and we're using large language models to parse the transcript from the automatic speech, recognition, mall and identify all of the errors that have happened with expert testimony in the hearing. and now, this is to Presumably, if I'm understanding correctly. Understand the new updated laws are requirements or this is more General and it's for any hearing, this is the same thing except a different use case with as for as far as what evidence were using. And during an administrative hearing, this is where they go, the where they've been denied twice the claim, it's got to go in front of a judge. When they go Testify, the way they evaluate whether they're disabled or whether they can work or not. And they hire and Vocational expert, who's an expert in jobs to testify, whether they can do other work, even if they can't do their past job, can they do other work and they frequently? Mess this up. And that this is where the agency uses jobs, that don't even exist anymore to find that people. Can that aren't that? They're not disabled, they had. There's jobs that haven't really existed in the National economy. And in 30 years, that these vocational experts say they can do nuts order, unskilled surveillance system monitor, I joke, a Blockbuster rental clerk,, it's essentially that. And that's not an actual, but it might as be a dinosaur Wrangler, a model team mechanic,, on and on. But there's a regulatory framework with this on with the vocational evidence. And what we're doing is having the large language models audit, their testimony, using this regulatory framework and databases we're using a sqlite database that has information on all these jobs and we're having the we're arguing mCP server and functions to reconcile whether the job that this experts testified exist, whether that person could form that job, for instance. the back impairment That person can't bend at the waist, more than occasionally., the job that the person that the vocational expert said they could perform requires frequenting It's something as little as that but attorneys, miss out on this because there's much going on in the here. What we're doing is playing that safety net and if it is something did go wrong, they can use this cheek sheet. Essentially to file something with the court after and said, hey this testimony is bogus It, you can't use this to deny the case. Or. If they do deny which you've done is you've stabbed, you've you've set the record up for appeal that they can affectively appeal that case. they can get another bite at the Apple. If it is not And what you're bringing here is the speed at which someone can understand when something is bogus? Yes, exactly. The thing with Social Security, Disability practices is it's all about efficiency. You think of an attorney that gets paid on the hourly rate? That's not the way Social Security Disability of practices its contingency. And think about going back to me, working with 300 different clots in the year, your constantly trying to prioritize how you should spend your time. All, it's the economics of it. And you are often left with and do I even put in the work to spend on a case that has a 50% chance of getting set back? If I, I've got five hearings tomorrow, I don't have time for this,? It's that's the way that's three out of the situation. what we want to do, and with the whole reason, I want to build this is to make I don't want people to have to make that decision. I want everybody to put Tell what every attorney to be able to be that super super advocate they can effectively advocate for every claim it equally. And that's what that's that's what I see with AI is being,, a great equalizer. Is that I want everybody to be as big of an audit nerd as me. And be careful, be able to effectively Advocate and give their clients the best chance at winning. And that's ultimately what in a nutshell, what we're trying to do with all these tools, it's got to be demoralizing when you have that situation where You're thinking how to prioritize, and you have to let certain ones go. Because even though,, in your heart, that this person should be getting their Claims push through. For the amount of work that it's going to take you to get those pushed through, you don't have the time and the probability that it will go through. it is not high, you have to prioritize something else and that seems know if you're able to transcribe it in the moment and then I'm guessing that what you're giving, not attorney is red flags that they can automatically look at exactly. We're giving them the cheat sheet. Here's the deal. Most of hearing, most attorneys aren't listening to this audio in the first place when it sucks. Nobody likes to listen to their own voice. in these hearings can imagine are Boris sin. it's they don't even do it in the first place. And, what we're doing is, hey look, you don't have to listen to these horrible hearings when they're not doing it anyways, because when you do you're looking for these gold nuggets, these red flags,? And since you're not even doing that, you're probably not appealing and developing the record anyways,? Because you've got five hearings on Friday. You don't have time to sit there and scrub and Rewind and do all this to find these things that you don't even know what to do with if you do find them. It's or Dare is making it easy that, I have to listen to the audio. They don't have to do the research that to determine whether this expert. Testify, the, whether, most people know dinosaur ringular job doesn't exist anymore, but hey, maybe a surveillance system are that job might exist., let's look, let's have it the system, flag it and explain why it does it. And that's that's the Brilliance with this, is that Again we're giving you that opportunity. you don't have to create this middle triage is what it is,? Kathy's got fibromyalgia,, she's really hurting but I've got another client that has never compression and has a walker. I don't have time to spend. I don't have two hours, three hours to spend on Kathy's case to build the record, what I need to focus on Joe's back.? We want to remove that from the equation. And that's ultimately in a that's what we want to do. And that's that's what we are doing with the suite of tools. It's not obviously it is streamlining them, this Boring work digging through, medical records, finding that needle in the haystack, listening to these cringe-worthy audio recordings that nobody wants to listen to. But the end goal with this is that I want everybody to be that zealous effective etiquette that can adequately represent these climates and give them the best chance at getting their claims approved. Because many people are denied for arbitrary reasons, unfair system, broken system and I don't want it to be because the attorney had to prioritize whether they took on more a dedicated more time to Joe's messed up back over Kathy's, fibrom out that is powerful. What? In your mind, comes next, man. No, I want to say I'm really excited. We are going to be expanding this. These this tool set, we're doing a A big fundraise and the Investments of strategic Law, Firm partners that I'm excited. They're going to help scale this company and I'm really excited about what we can do in this space and I've got two awesome dedicated developers. Give them a shout out. Phil Cannon and Nick berka and they have been awesome and the whole product development cycle and taking my crazy ideas and putting them in to the logic to make it work and it's really impressive. I'm very excited and I'm really excited. You allowed me to come on today. It's been awesome. I think this all is built on the great equalizer that AI can be., everybody talks about the the legal industry is very scared of this technology but the way I look at is it's democratizing Justice and democratizing Justice is a big thing when you're dealing with governments that have Robert rigorous sometimes. Arbitrary regulations with people without the means to be able to adequately advocate for themselves., and that's what I think. That's very powerful about this technology and of leveraged appropriately and ethically, I think that it can be a overall good for society.