We saw the the power outage in Spain,? What happens if AI is in the banking sector and it suddenly,,, collapses or it takes over. All. Hi, I'm Frank and co-founder at Frontier one. A leading Sovereign AI Specialists, working to bring AI to Sovereign. In Frontier markets, around the world. Asia light in America, Middle East Africa, and also working very closely with nebulous, which is one of the, if not the leading AI Cloud infrastructure providers in the world and very excited to be working with both of those, I companies and opportunities and And secondly, how do I take my coffee? I three cups in front of me. All of them are americana's with. Oatmeal. Usually in them, there's occasionally, a cappuccino, or a flat white Masonic in see that as. It's a fairly flexible option. We wanted to talk about Sovereign AI. I brought you here, I think,, a thing or two about it, you've been having a lot of conversations. Let's get into it. Why Sovereign AI? Sure., I think It's let's start with the market itself in AI,? I've had a long history in AI, back from being on the board of Siri in 2009. When no one in Silicon Valley, cared less about AI., really didn't and it was interesting. And then,, when I was working for a major family office out of Hong Kong her husband's and and we invested early into Deep Mind as, which was 2000. 2011, I think when we did that., extremely early, and,, it was, how do you, how do you pick those opportunities? How do you see those Trends happening? And I think over the years working globally in many different markets, I've been in Hong Kong and Singapore, in Silicon Valley in London. Everywhere you get a feel for things and you get a feel for how things are happening in white. Trends are moving and And I think the way the market is is super interesting., you have the US and the US is From an AI perspective. It's it's all about the hyperscalers,? you have the big guys who are providing the GPU Cloud infrastructure, maybe it's for instance, in Kauai And then, of course, they're providing that to their major customers are open AI,, the hyperscalers,? And also very, very heavily funded AI startups,.. in the US, Customers of all these massive AI data centers and are effectively, the big hyperscalers,? Because that's where the money is, there's a trillion dollars that's gone into AI in the US in terms of Investments outside of the US, it is a totally different picture in Europe. It's how much is that what 10 billion dollars I think last year was invested into AI startups. It's a fraction of the spend,? where is the AI compute where the AI opportunities? And,, been looking at this for,, a couple of years and really Nvidia to be honest picked this early. They saw that Jensen has been extremely, extremely keen on The Sovereign, AI element because he saw that effectively, if I'm a government and I want to deploy AI into a model,? I want to put my my data, my defense data, my phone instead of my agriculture data, My Health Data into a model that data cannot go to the US. It cannot go to China. It cannot go to my neighbor. It has to be in my country. It has to be localized. And no one was prepared for this. AWS is not prepared to be a local player. AWS is a regional player., I have a hub, I use a AWS, it's either a use the German Harbor. I used the it's,, the the first U.S or the Irish habits, nothing has been this localized. Ever and suddenly lization and suddenly as. The the recent developments in the US around from a political Viewpoint have forced countries to go, we cannot rely on the US, we can obviously must be wary of China. We must be a wary of all these big players we have to look out for ourselves and and, but what do we do? And that's where it's become extreme. National priority to have ai implementations because I have to do it local. And I have to put my my data in there and I have to make it secure. I have localized models lies applications, Etc, and somin. AI has gone from a small thing to suddenly be one of the biggest implementations. I think of AI from a rest of the World Market outside of the US., it feels it is something though that Is you're steering. A gigantic cargo ship in a way because it takes much to stand up these data centers, but I don't know. Maybe you're, you're the guy on the inside. How long term are we thinking here? And I know everybody scrambling, but it's not, you can turn a data center on from nothing., Yes and no it depends on the size and depends on what it's going to do. if I'm going to have if I'm,, a market France or something, and I want to have the latest Blackwell chips from Nvidia, I'm going to need state-of-the-art liquid cooled. State-of-the-art data center, then that needs to be from the ground up. There are very few data centers. If any in Europe who are ready for that. a few, I obviously nebbie is being one of them,? Who are By far probably leading in the ability to do that, too. Can I even get hold of those chips.? even if I'm going to build that state of the art data center, can I get hold of them and again, I'm going to need a partner. Again a nebulous or call either someone to do that, who has Nvidia backing, very strong and to rack them and to figure out how to plug them all together. All the wires, where do they go?. What did the Box looks that,? And and the sophisticated, Cloud management kubernetes Docker type management that they have on top from managing all those different chips because they don't have Blackwell, they go all the way down different types of chips are different usage cases. What's interesting though is in other markets, let's say Indonesia,. Indonesia were,, they were very smart. I think they worked with knobby, and they were,, look, we don't need blackwall chips. I'm probably gonna h200. H100 is fine,? And what they did is they got, they took a, they, you the government there said,, we're gonna work with Hutch Endo which is the major Telecom provider there. I'm gonna take one of their existing data centers and we're going to repurpose that. we're gonna upgrade that it can take the chips that it's capable of taking and Nvidia. Did that work? And we'll get it up and running. We'll put a local model on top applications in space and took him four months, to put it up and running. Wow! Alright I'm looking at an 18 to 2 year period if I'm going to try a massive liquid, cool. 100 200 Mega watt facility but if I'm putting up a five to ten megawatt facility with, chips that are suitable for the needs that I have and and to be honest probably mostly inference not much the modeling I was gonna say that then there's really different ways of doing things it's yes and no depends on the on the size and scale of what you're trying to do. What are different countries ways of approaching this and how do they differ?,, Indonesia and, the Philippines or,, Morocco, Etc. All these markets that we at Frontier one are working., we're,, we're what we call Sovereign AI Specialists,., we will work with governments on a local level to figure out what their needs are. And and it's it's very it's very local because you have to have, you'll have to have a local company, you'll be using all talent you have to bring in the partners, but still, they will have to go through a local company that is and very close in tune with the government and the corporates on the ground,? each each market says,, what are we going to do? We gonna have a three, the biggest data center in the world, the three gigawatts that India is trying to do. Are we going to do one gigawatt? France. We're going to do a hundred. Make a Watts,, some of the other markets in, in Europe. And how we're going to do that., we're going to need to establish a local company and let's say, the government's going to go, someone's gotta have to say, Where's that customer coming from the city government says, I will take up 25% of the compute,? The other 75 or 30, or 80%, or whatever it has to come from somewhere else,? And that's going to be government that's going to be corporates and research facilities, Etc. And then someone's gonna have to figure out the financing. either the government says, I'm going to finance all of it. I'm going to follow in as part of it and a partner needs to come in and finance rest of it. for the markets that,, I that we work with it. Frontier one as we said across Asia, and Middle East and Latin America, all of these markets, it's maybe a five ten regard for facility,? It's 4,000 to 67,000. Gpes. It's 100 200 million dollars,, that type of thing is is very doable in those markets,? you you put that together for them, you find who's the partner is,, we really working with knobbies for instance because they're very flexible and international. But, we find that partner and who's the and then there's the other elements,? you introduced us to those great guys in Italy who are looking at Sovereign Ai and rails,? What's the pre-premiere premiere?, great team,. Spoke to them earlier today really smart,? And they've cottoned on to.. How do we do this for these markets at the Smart Way in the lower, in the lower level? I spoke to another team earlier today who are building Edge Solutions,,, competing with nebulous, but for remote market for remote locations,? We're power is low. Sun is hot,, dust,, Edge locations,? you got to think,, where is this thing going to be? What's the market who are the use of cases? Who are the customers. And for governments, they've got it's really complicated trying to figure all that out. And and you, you go, you're not gonna go to me Kinsey and why they're not gonna have a clue either.,, you've got to go to the Specialists and,, people us, you no software, no infrastructure. No, how to do the financing., that, that type of approach is I think the way to go about it, but we will see., it feels the different governments. Are interested in. AI. Because they have to be. We established. Why? It's not all. To now all of a sudden keep doing things with the us as such a close partner. And folks are thinking, if we're going to be building out our AI capabilities, we should invest in. Our own country and our own AI capabilities as a post to shipping off these different workloads or inference. To a far away land and even a lot of these examples that you're talking about, if it's inference it's going to be much better. The closer it is to you. it makes a ton of sense that you would want to put up. different data centers in different countries that things can hopefully be faster and more enjoyable for the end user. I'm wondering about. How you feel? Governments will change. When they now bring online all of this, AI capability. That's really interesting. regulation and data protection and sovereignty and everything comes into that question for sure. The question is look, I think governments. Know that they can be more efficient deploying AI. They're not sure how often, but they know they can. And, let's take a very simple example. Of, I want to put AI, Models or whatever in or applications into my health system and make it more efficient. To do that, I got to be sure that that Health Data can go into a local model that super secure. But in the end of the day, I want to be able to provide that access to that data to companies that are going to be and startups. They're going to be building stuff on my to make my health. System more efficient. for instance, there's probably a local player that's working on digitizing health, records or Regional player that player needs to have access to that data. But it needs to be secure,? And it needs to be and the government needs to feel that I can provide that access on a secure basis. Now, it's not I'm going to do everything that way. I'm going to obviously using open Ai and I'm doing others, but I need to, I need to be very sure that that data can be locked down and secure. And I also need to have a local Vector database, a local cybersecurity platform. A local local model,? That provides all that. I think governments trying to figure all that out. But effectively what they really at the very simplistic level want to do is can I provide can I put AI securely into my, into government and provide access to companies that want to do things. In health or agriculture, or whatever. It is securely and don't feel that my data is going to leak because if it does leak, that's going to be on the front page the news. And it's not going to be good for us. It's funny that you mention hey governments want to do this but don't necessarily know how and not having Sovereign AI to me. Feels 100% a Blocker on them iterating and trying things they can't figure out how until they start iterating. They try and put it in here, put it in there, realize maybe that's not really where the value is. let's try again. You can't do any of that experimentation until you cover your bases and until you get that, Sovereign AI up and running you're soil. Totally. And I think that's that. That's absolutely. It's you,, they know that that's a starter package and let's look at research University's and everything that need to do research again. It's a lot of government sponsored research. And again you want to keep that secure,? I need to be sure that that title hasn't gone into someone else's model. And say, Silicon Valley somewhere,? And I want to, have that aspect to it? I don't mean a lot of people have seen Sovereign AI is, government control and it's not, it's, it's government. It's, it's trying to figure out how do you, look after the data in the way that is very important to you.,, your citizens health records are very very important to you. You cannot let that data. Go to another nation and neither. Your defense data,? You're that's also extremely important to you. Cannot that, see, it's It's Tricky, but it, it needs to be done. But then at the same time, you can't do everything. you're going to have these great startups and companies that probably local or Regional that are going to want to work on the On the the system and you have to put that in place for them. You have to have the rails for them to do that. which is what I think pretty am I, which is what those guys are doing, which is really cool and say, I think, it's our job to one, is to bring all that together and be the master builder. in these markets and help them, understand all those aspects, and all. always keep on top of it and make sure best of breed is coming through the door., but,. Recognizing if you need a black or if you're good with an a100, of a 100 is already valuable. I can only imagine how that type of Expertise can be. In a way, put to good work. And then on top of it, all the other stuff that you bring is, is incredible. I wanted to Zoom in and almost push back on the medical data. One for a second, the defense one, I think everyone 100% agrees. You want to be doing your defense data in your country and that is without a doubt. Number one priority, The medical one. I often wonder if it's not better to get The more Medical Data the better because you're going to find these random very long tail type of diseases and you get to see where else is that happening? And it can be highly valuable for researchers. I it's also funny that you mention this because I was listening to the acquired podcast on my chart, which is a company, I think it's epic the company and they created this thing called the cosmos and it anonymous Hundreds of thousands, if not millions of data. Patient, data, records, and then researchers are able to go and look at that and even doctors are able to go and look at that. in that regard, I don't know. But, I will go with that. Say look it's it's two aspects to it. Alright. Anonymized data for research purposes, 100%, no question. But the question is when,, if I'm going down to the NHS here and they're pulling up my record and they're trying to figure out what's that's an internal NHS system which is accessing my record and that absolutely needs AI. Because it's a disaster of the system clearly.. Because nobody, they sit there and guy,, it's whatever,? That's a different problem,?, there's two parts to that problem. One is the research on a normalized data. No question. I need as much data as I can, but of course, the other question, is the localized NHS equivalent is accessing? Highly sensitive private data, and that's a different problem. There are two problems to that. I see what you're saying. it's more of this when The inference side of things or the execution of the workloads are happening, you don't want them getting even if it is fully anonymized, it's better to keep that. Close to home.. And especially if I'm going to be modernizing, let's say modernizing the NHS here in the UK. All God can only hope, huh?, but exactly. But that or anywhere else those systems are old they're 10, 20 years old in all of these markets,? At least and they radically need updating. And that's going to be a radically different way of doing things and they're going to be doing modeling on that huge amount of data that they have. That is not anonymized for that purpose, because they need to, they need to also use that internally. it's a very different problem., I said that, that's the one. I'm going to be referring to more here from Auburn AI perspective. Anonymizing data from a research perspective, that's a different problem and and, give the research as much later as they can, for sure.. But What do I do? Say, for instance, can the AI. Let's say I go in and get a body scan here at the NHS. All, and they use that data and they model that data against others and they come back and they tell me X about X me,? That is very sensitive data that needs to be protected., but the people that are going to be developing that application need to access my data., that's that's a different problem in a way.. Oh, you have the Epic company in the US, but every country has their own epic or a few different epochs that want to be creating these ecosystems. that folks can be pushing forward in the progress area and I think I fall victim of this a little bit because I am American of thinking that there is the US and then everybody else. And that's, we don't think about that, obviously, living outside of the US for long. I recognize, there's this great big world with a whole lot of people out there, and it needs, these type of things too, these initiatives and all this stuff. And when I was in the, when I was in the Zurich Jenny, I conference, a few weeks ago, one thing that was top of mind for them. In a few different talks that I saw was hey, all this AI stuff is happening. How is Switzerland? Being part of it and of course Switzerland is traditionally very neutral. for them Sovereign AI felt a natural next step or a natural path to take. And it it also helps that they can say., we're gonna go. Invest in this project. I wonder if you see different come countries or scenarios where maybe they want to invest in it. but, they don't understand or is there budget now? Everyone understands that this is as important as possible. I think it's great question. I think taking a step back again,, what's what Trump has done has he's in globalization,? And not in trade but in How things have built, traditionally. A company would have been a country during completely fine. Using a US company to do whatever they did,? No more,? He is turned everything to localize and instead and and in some ways incredibly caught the foreign Business Development opportunities for a lot of us companies which is incredible,? And but on the other side that means that a huge opportunities opened up for local. Regional companies around the world it's it's transformed the landscape incredibly? Now, Europe is going to go. I need as few us companies in my sovereign AI or banking facility as possible.. And I need local and and the local suddenly, these local it's, it's interesting.,, suddenly they're going to be, I need local, local companies for this. And I, what companies for that and and all elements of the stack, there are some banks in Germany have said,, I cannot have a US company in the stack,? I can't even have GitHub. that's that's a huge tremendous opportunity for companies around the world to suddenly become taking advantage of that. And that will start primarily in the finance and government sector is because both the finance was Finance defense and government suddenly guy, we cannot we can't use us companies. We may not even be able to use UK company, we have to use a European company. And and UK is,, we need to do this and Saudi is,, we're gonna need to do is Saudi come., it's tremendously opening up the opportunity globally for local talent and local development of core AI functions from the geopolitics of everything that's happened., Trump has Suddenly woken up the world who was pretty much Reliance on us companies in US software to go. Wow. what do we do? it's that that level now,? Everyone is a bit at that conference that you were at Aaron's what do we do? And,,, that's where we come in and go., let's help you through this from a local level. It's going to be tremendous opportunities. I think AI is truly going global. Thanks in large part to Trump,, he's great for your business and you gotta send him a thank you card, something, 100%., there are a lot of people that are in the,, technology space here again, be doing that now because, it's the same thing., if I'm,, let's say I'm applies to many things if I'm a, if I'm a country and I Let's say there's this rumor, that the F-35 said, if I buy an F35, the US can switch them off,?, would I,, that's super interesting now.? No, you gotta look for a new provider, you got a Remus,, whatever. But it's highly possible that the US could switch and F-35 off.. I've spent a billion dollars buying an F35 and you can switch it off with a kill switch.,,, that's really interesting,? And he has, as we saw from the Canadian election, completely transformed countries. Canadian Canary is now more nationalistic and more local than ever, and that is happening in many markets. And It's going to open up a lot of opportunities for AI developers and stuff all around the world., the first off, let's have a moment of silence for those Engineers that have to work at the banks that don't allow GitHub because Poor folks out there they are going to be going through hell and back but the other thing about what they've been having to use instead., that's what I'm thinking about. It's, oh man, that's gonna be rough. But the other piece was around the this idea of We've seen the US. Weaponize, the dollar. And you're saying, there's this jump or there's a step where they can weaponize the weapons that they've sold to other countries., if you get on their bad side and they say,, potentially, they turn off their jets that they sold to you, whether or not that's true or not, whatever it doesn't matter. Because the thought has been planted into different governments and politicians Minds that they are making an effort to move away from the US as the supplier. But then if you extrapolate that forward, you can think about it in this Frame of, what's going to stop them from weaponizing Ai? And maybe today with the use cases that we have, It isn't as. Strong of an argument, but put potentially in five years or sooner or later, maybe it's 10 years. That could be a whole different environment that we are living in. If we are as reliant on the US's AI ecosystem, as we are on the dollar then if for some reason you get on Trump three or whoever, the next president is, On their bad side and they say,, we're gonna turn off your AI. That is another way that it can be weaponized., I fully see the other side of this story where it's,, we gotta make sure that if AI is, as transformational of a technology, as most folks are saying it's going to be whether or not it is. I it's debatable 100% when I think there's a lot of early signals that it's going to be but even if it isn't, it's better to have it and not need it. Then to need it and not have it per se. you don't want to the US to have that capability of being able to shut off your AI., look,, I think to you us at the end of the day, is, is hyper focused on itself now and, and that's fine,?, that's, that's really fine. I do think that the Trump Administration will gradually,, Start to and is starting to realize that,, maybe this is,, things will change,? I do think it's hyper focused on itself and making sure that the US has the resources and the ships and everything that are available to it and it's going to go we need the best chips, we need a lot of them and we need to we need to conserve them,? And that the US is, completely, I think that And that's a lot of markets are doing that,? China does exactly the same thing. the US is allowed to do that as. I think at the end of the day, you you break the us out from the rest of the world and that, as we said,, globalization for whatever reason is, is coming a bit to an end in a lot of ways and localization is coming back again. And that means that by having a local especially for something as important as I having a local deployment that I can rely on is important,? And that I you're absolutely.? Can it something maybe they do switch it off,? And that that could have a huge impact because I have ai throughout my infrastructure,? we saw the the power outage in Spain,? Oh, what happens if I is in the banking set to and it suddenly,,, collapses or it takes over or,, that's wild. I saw stuff that folks were saying they couldn't get cash out because there was no ATMs there. They couldn't pay for anything because all of the credit card machines weren't working. And effectively it was,, I guess I'm not gonna do anything for a few hours., that's wild,? now that's an energy. Problem which,, comes back online. But again, what happens if I've got AI,, heavily into my energy systems and everything., it really has to be protected and I I do think that yes, you can make your own mistake nationally and you can fix it. But if you've got another actor, considerably embedded into your AI, local infrastructure. You need to be careful of that,? And that,, the US isn't going to allow China to run their AI infrastructure and neither should anyone allow anyone else to write? that's the localization of it. When it comes to the government side which is important. I think it's special if you look at, energy and finally and where we could be in five to ten years where I systems are AI agents and potentially A general intelligence is is running these things and we don't even have much control over them and we're all gone to Skynet, which is not doesn't seem that far away. Now,, there is that potential of,, that that famous scene in T2,? When,, the guys are switching on Skynet without having any idea, what it can possibly do that. I think is going to be a lot of governments. And,, you've got to be able to How you're going to implement that and control that at least in a national level is important.. What are some of the other key players in this?, you mentioned how you have to have The government's bought in, you have to have financers. You almost want to be looking at the different tools that you can offer in these data centers too because it's not the straight Hardware, you've got the software is there anybody else that I'm missing? I think, you look at the stack. firstly I've got to go, let's say I'm implementing. Whether it's I'm repurpose data center, but let's say I'm building one from scratch. I got to find the power. I got to find the Haitian and and also very importantly, before I build, I gotta have the customers. I need to know before I'm committing a billion dollars or even 100 million dollars of gpus. Who is the customer for this,? the government or someone has to say I'm going to take the off take for that. Now in France, macron Twisted everybody's arms and said you all these corporates are going to come together and we're going all contribute and say put a billion dollars worth of compute Offtake spend on the table. I think that's very smart and that's a really good way of doing it. I do think the other players are going to be big corporates In local markets, he will work in tandem with the government to do that. For instance in Argentina,? The government there is been really, really strong that they want to make Argentina or local AI Center and there and the corporates are being brought in to figure out. The usage of it because in the end of the day, who's going to use it? How's it going to go,? I do think that's the big. Another big player is the the corporate themselves and figuring out how They will interact with systems Lee and the other players are going to be local. Local players on the ground. Who can build local applications., great. A lot of people, I'm sure in the mlops community.,, it's really interesting., you think where I think is, it's interesting for a lot of markets. Instead of being a little outsourced, team of some big us company. The the opportunity is to, to build local and build something and then potentially regionally and and and keep going, we've seen in the Middle East. There's a lots of great Regional players, who do things In the Middle East because of different requirements not least language but. how does that how does that come together? It's really interesting. Do you feel that leads to a world of more? Quote-unquote lifestyle businesses, where you get smaller teams, they have smaller markets, but it's less Venture backed or less fundable because they're not going to go and conquer the world. And there's not that infinite Tam. It's a great question., we've obviously been talking about that opportunity and I think, It certainly. Innate will say the tools that are available for everybody now I we can we can spin things up. Faster with smaller teams. and we can use tools to to run things,? We can have agents running customer service and we don't need to pay 10,000 dollars to some team. Some group of people who are going to do customer Outreach for us, we could probably use agents much more effectively now., I think People can spin things up and prototype things much, much faster. They can come together in little teams to do things locally, much faster, and solve local problems, and those local problems. Can go Regional,?, I'm a partner in a great fund that is out of Oman and the UAE and, A couple of those companies even on somewhere as as small and as tight as a man have gone Regional because they sold particular problem. That works regionally,? And gradually scale it out and now they can do it faster. And one of those is in the health sector and, I really think that is going to be the case. I think it's a change,?, instead of as we talked about beforehand the the model the old Venture model of giving. A five million dollars or ten million dollars to accompany and saying, hey let, nine months, 12 months produce something and that's an MVP is a great,, limited functionality. get it out there that doesn't work anymore.,, someone else can prototype something fast with a lot of functions and a lot of features and test it, and roll it out and faster and I think that's really exciting. And I think that's where the power of, what the ml Ops Community has is really powerful. that's a group of very Great people who are in the AI and ml space and who are thinking about these things and prototyping these things, and they're not on LinkedIn and if they are, they're not going to be really sharing their life. Experience is a LinkedIn. All, they're doing that in a community mlops and how does that come together in? build cool, new things, and prototypes I think is the the next logical step for a community,, you guys, and I know that we had talked about too these Traditional ways going back to that idea of. Hey, I've got to go now and raise a bunch of money. Go all in on my idea and spend the next nine months. Launching it bringing it to Market, etc, etc. That has been a bit turned on its head where You can. in a way you can have your job at your big fancy company making all that cash, but still you can be Moonlighting on this project, which It has the potential of the iteration speed I think is what is different. Because you've always been able to Moonlight, you've always been able to have your come you working at your big company. You are now Moonlighting for something and then You bring it to Market, or you put it out there, but the ability to have that feedback loop be tightened is the coolest thing ever. And we're seeing it much with a lot of these Bottoms Up companies the luvabulls and the cursors where they have such a product-led growth motion that they can get to a gigantic scale. With the small teams because they don't have any sales and marketing teams. Spot on., look at lovable now, the sweetest Great sweetie, Spotify,? in Spotify started, in Sweden,? You gonna take on the music Market from Sweden and yes, they did completely and levels down the same thing.,, because of the ability to scale things. Faster and smarter and the hyper efficiency. Focus of swedes is great., I used to live in Sweden and it's amazing. I don't know how they do it. six weeks off in the year work from eight in the morning until four in the evening for in the afternoon but still Ikea., Spotify, everything. But I think the point is, is that your absolutely,? Is that companies, can can prototype and spend things faster and I can do and,, I I would be,, if someone's at a big company and they're a little Cog in the dev team and it's really bit boring and they do the same thing over and over again with a little bit more. Next,, in a couple of months, you're going to be looking at other things to do, but those other things to do now, infinitely more interesting and infinitely more scalable and faster to prototyping and get out there. But also I don't need to leave the day job until I know it's working and then something it's working. And then, oh, wow., maybe I'm gonna make a jump now and and same as a VC VC is going to be I think these need to change their idea of what it is,? I don't need to have 20 30 people, or be all doing something before I invest in them. I need to have five, very smart, people who have Watch something, and I don't care how they got it out, the door. I don't really care,? I know, they got it out the door, and it's really cool and it's scaling and I'm going to put those. I don't gonna invest into those five people. I don't care where they are, or where they are, but I'm going to invest into them. That's a different story and I think VCS have to change the way they're approaching the market. Now, going back to the Sovereign AI for a second. Because one lingering question that I have is how you see Regions. Cooperating specifically we have the EU. It is very friendly. In a way, but you have been mentioning, hey, France is doing this on their own. They're building their Sovereign AI system very much for them. I know that Germany has talked about I think Germany is doing something cool where they're taking old factories and they're trying to spin up data centers with them, in the old factors because the old factories are now defunct, but they're,, the structures still there. It's a big space. what would be perfect here, A whole lot of gpus. How do you see the interoperability of the countries? Maybe we'll start with Europe, but then go towards you were saying in the Middle East and there's these companies that will spin up on top of the structure and it starts locally then goes regionally, do you feel these joint Partnerships and the data centers are going to be only a Specific country thing or is it going to be that more regional thing and how does that play? How does that work?, I think it's a great question., we don't know yet but we can surmise the Let's say France builds that one billion dollar for facility or even a five billion dollar facility. I I do not think that enough. Customers are in France for that type of facility. There's, what is there's not enough usage in France for that facility and I think France will then go. Hey, let's make this available to the rest of Europe and maybe carve out., some racks and we going to need to give the ability that some hyper I say on some of these tracks, but yes, I do think. And then is there a EU? The Sovereign AI. Of course the EU is going to do it. that's that's most regulated Sovereign AI harvested, those Brussels dreaming about this now and is that work let's see but there's certainly going to try and they're going to have some European AI but nobody really even knows what the definition of that is., and and the problem of course, in the EU is. It's over-regulated that anytime I try to launch something, I've got to check many hoops at the time of launch. It, it's out of date., and I think there's, That vast problem of Regulation needs to get solved in the EU. First, as. I think other markets have an opportunity to not be hyper regulated and cooperate on a regional basis. Without the huge regulations that you throws and things that stifle every Innovation,, I think clear opinion about that. But. I think it's it's different,? Markets are going to be different., how does that? And,, collaborate., Africa,? Asia, there will be collaboration for sure., I that idea. there's going to be accessed demand, it's gonna get sold and it feels Potentially, there's going to be that in these Middle Eastern countries, too. And, it's interesting to think, wow, I imagine a world where even if you're not fully bought in, maybe you're not doing something. sensitive that you need the Sovereign AI, It's me app developer in the EU and I go on the streets, looking for some GPU capacity if there are a lot of different data centers that have been built up around me. That's gonna make my cost go way down.. That's. definitely, and I think that's That's going to happen and everything of course at the end of the day comes down to power.,, let's take something Bhutan, suddenly it's becoming incredibly interesting because it's got 30 gigawatts of potential Hydro power of which it's only used to about two. is much higher power. be time if they put a little, a major data center in the South would be tan with a building. The new mindfulness City. We could have a mindfulness data center down there but, the point is Their power. Is cheap. And, they could be a regional player. from the from the source of power they have,. El Salvador has is looking at building Bitcoin City in a volcano,, using geothermal,? Hopefully extinct volcano. and now maybe Bitcoin city is,, I don't know. today, it's probably pretty good idea last week, it probably wasn't., who knows?. But there's a little bit more., sure to you around AI,? they're looking at thinking,, should we build a data center there,? And could that be Regional way, this a lot of thinking that goes into it.. But I do think, yes, there will be a degree of localization and Regional. support a lot of driven by which country has the lowest cost power and it feels from what I've understood it you have to have The government's that sponsor this in a way, otherwise, you're great. But this is no one's going to go. I'm not going to wait I as Hyperscaler or whatever or a black rock or anything. I'm not going to put a billion dollars into building an AI data center. If I don't know who's going to be using it and he's going to pay for the usage. yes, to certain degree, the government does need to put in. maybe they say, I take 20 or 30% of the offtake and guarantee it, which means that?., now I feel more comfortable about financing this. Is there anything else that you wanted to talk about that? We haven't hit on? Now I could talk about things for I get to about anything, really? whatever really to honest of issues but I think today's topic has been exactly the key thing which is really for me going back to it again. AI is truly going global? We saw that with deep seek how that came out of nowhere and and in Surprise the Chinese government as much as a surprise to anybody else,? And where did it come from? It came from a hedge fund which was looking to do better modeling and decided to build this thing and wow. Alright. I think we're going to see a lot of things that are going to expand AI globally and the opportunities again to be tremendous. And we seen the start of that. what? I wanted to talk to you about for a second is Take Me Back. To the Siri days. What and how did you even think was Give me the scenario because I think it's a fascinating story on how Syria got rocking and rolling. It was a bunch of researchers,? It's bunch of research out of Sri International and it was really,, I have to say,, my my boss at Horizon Ventures, he's incredibly incredibly smart and she Saw the opportunity, she was thinking about danger, and AI way before anybody else was, and it was together with. And this is not a Hong Kong,? And, and she's smart and the others that were in that was Menlo and Morgan, Taylor and, older BCS from the 90s that new deep Tech,? And we're, take is still always going to be important. And those days, everything is about social social network scaling this, where all the money was going. but,, Menlo Morgan Taylor and us were, thinking a lot longer term about what are the impacts of detect? And this is deep Tech wasn't even a thing.,, people are really talking about it,? And these guys led by Adam cheyer who's super super smart and great guy, I'd been working for 10 years in Sri on AI,? And the, the opportunity came to do something and spin it out and look, it was under the radar, we launched in February 2010 on the App Store and the App Store was very small. and it did helped you with Reservations. And Cinema, bookings and things and there was one also, the other guys that were very forward sighting was Verizon. There was a guy called Edith for eyes and who was very forward. the king and had done a deal between Verizon and the series team that Siri would launch their first Wow, I was interesting and what happened, then was it launched in the store and then Steve Jobs or it. and I about two days later, the founders got a call, which they didn't believe, but obviously,, it turned out to be Steve Jobs and they Went into the jobs reality, Distortion field completely, and it was great four weeks later. It was sold 200 million. And it's fast, and it was crazy, and the amazing team and fortunately Steve got sick and Siri got lost internally for a while. But the team then went on and built amazing things and for Samsung and then Airbnb. And it's,, they've incredible team that have continually innovated in AI constantly with new companies. But, back in those days. Steve was,, as Jobs was far ahead of the thing he saw it but I have to say,, my boss at Horizon and and those guys that men and women that are all. sore it,?, days saw it way above the people were they would had that long-term deep Tech Focus., and none of them were Bankers,? They won't Finance guys. they saw it from a technology perspective, not from a finance perspective and no one Roi series. Not a question or deep mine. When they pitched were, we have no idea where he's coming from none. And those days that was novel,? no VC's doing it,, hardly any VC would do it., no VC was investing in Deep Mind in Europe and the early days,? Because it was, Was the where's the revenues? Where's the? We don't know. we're going to build the best AI engine on the planet. why would you do that? say that question comes down to it and I think again coming back to it. I think there is again a huge ShakeOut going on, where a lot of investors. Do not work. Very traditionally,? And there's a new way of things going to happen. Where People are going to spin things up really quick and jumping on that really quick. It's going to be the key.. Watch this space.