There's a big product LED growth. Everyone wants to be data dog. Everyone wants to be sneak or everyone wants to be Docker and, oh, we don't need sales people., we're gonna put our product out there, it's gonna be great, it's gonna sell itself,, we're gonna put all of our money and resources in a product development, and we'll never have to deal with sales and marketing people ever again. Thank goodness. No, it's not, it's not real people buy from people. I really believe that. Sure, it's founder of neoteric 3D which stands for digital design and data. I my coffee black. I usually, I a double espresso, where I go. me short and sweet and sometimes a little bitter. And, that's me in a nutshell and funny enough, I reference marketing use cases all the time for AI. And I've got another buddy that I always say is., my friend and marketing is doing this and he's got quite a complex. Agentic workflow set up. You are not that friend but you are also doing a genetic workflows. Yes. Far beyond. Having asking Chachi BT to write you a blog post,?, that was the I think of Jasper and even before the chat GPT that was the big thing was, Still is I would argue and most people don't want to talk about it because they're they don't want to admit that they're probably still doing it creating content with AI. and, because they're oh at hallucinates and it's not very good and But from what I've seen, it's gotten a heck of a lot better,? And now people stop talking about it because they're,, there's an Arbitrage opportunity where if I don't talk about it, I can keep charging what I've been charging,, for creating content. And no one. Hopefully no one's the wiser but what's even more exciting. Now that also people aren't talking about maybe they do a little bit. I see a few I saw blog post today by Adam showing field. Who was talking about,.,, the, the original AI Solutions and automations were more. they do say personalization and it was all about quantity, oh,, you can, you can generate,, thousands if not tens of thousands of cold emails and cold Outreach. And, even if you get one percent, it's still some some good leads that can come in and everyone got spammed. And that's what the,, what, what people,, view as the As the status quo., it's it's nice. He had a really nice graph. I'll try to pull it up later if I can, but, he shows And what I'm seeing is now it's more value creation, it's more quality, you can create much better in my view much better., interactions not emails interactions. And I use that word because it's it's not content as we talk,, as you mentioned, It's across the board and now that's always been the marketing., play is how do you meet meet your target audience, where they are with the content? Or the message,? That that's timely and effective. And nowadays, I think there's,, within the last few weeks I feel it's, always getting better., I would I would argue I think my hypothesis is that the types of experiences you can create for people As a marketer now far, outweigh what you could do manually, to speak,?,, it's analog digital,? It's sure you could still,, do things in a log. But, but but I think there's a, there's a Tipping Point not to sound too Market or but there is a, there is a inflection point happening where the what you can do in terms of using identic AI Far, surpasses. Anything else that I've ever seen? It's amazing. It really is. All. the obvious. Next question is give me some concrete ways that you're doing this. some concrete ways. I think that people are are leveraging this and, to be honest it's I know we talked about agentic AI but this is also Harkens back to the big data error as,? Circuit 2010s, which I certainly live through. And there's a lot of similarities, a lot of the types of workbooks or workflows that I was building back then using,, Hadoop and products data mirror,? It's synonymous in essence. It's Clay is essentially dating, you're three dot. If you ask me, it really is because it's still uses that same workbook,, format which everyone's familiar with. the concrete example is we're using clay at a number of our clients to essentially create the type of workflow aware when we recognize an intense signal, whether that comes from someone who started a free trial or someone who within a within an account posted, a new job opportunity. We can get a sense of of that person and that account. And then use agentic AI to not only craft an Outreach sequence if you will not through email and phone calls. But, we can create really cool memes with that person's actual image.? We can create use I I recorded a Founder's voice the other day I can use his voice. Now to have a personalized message from that founder to a prospect. which I know people are gonna see this and here's oh that's, sleazy that you do that, but now, it's it's it works and it's it's quite effective,? And there's, my question is, why is that or how is that agentic? Mmm., I think the agentic part is where you're using,, what you would call AI, researchers or AI agents to go out and look for these signals,? and it's quite impressive. there's there's a whole There's a whole industry of products out there that,, charge a lot to get this type of information. But if you have an agent that you've developed, that can go out there and essentially do the type of operational research that an SDR would do a sales development rep would do., for example,,, you can write an agent to go and check their LinkedIn profile as you would as anyone would, mirror., I, one of the first things I do, when I, I onboard a new client is, I sit, shoulder to shoulder to them and, and,, and map their their work day,?, what do you do when you get up in the morning? And they're,, I go obviously check my emails but then I go and go and Linkedin. I'm looking at who came in, sign up for a trial or form or contact us whatever., I want to take you through the whole Shield but,, I sit down and go, what are, what is this person doing? And then I turn around, I work with our development team. And I say,, how do we recreate that within AI agent to do exactly the same thing that we can scale them from an individual to,, a number of of agents that can do that for them., that's what it is., and now I guess where I'm trying to see is, You have someone that shows the strong signals and I really that where oh, there's a job posting or there's sign up for a free trial and potentially what the best action is is having an SDR. Get them on the phone,,?. But that's easier said than done,? And you want to entice them in other ways and you don't want to have that SDR half to Spend 10 or 15 minutes creating a meme that may or may not get read. And how can you create these workflows that are leveraging, your creativity? Of going out there and getting prospects to answer. But That also are not. Having the workforce have that time, intense activity. I think that's what's exciting about this at least as far as I can tell is that it's I think there's a lot of people who might make the argument. if you can do this with AI agents and you don't really need,, a sales development rep or what have you, but that's not what I'm finding at all, because it's not these things are,, copy and paste., every SDR has their own flavor of how they,, style really of how they do things. Sorry for the background noise. I'm on campus, but They have their own,, style of doing these things and that's really what you're, what you're doing. And, one. When you, when you look at a account, I definitely do think at the account level,? Because beyond say, startups where the founder is,, the person that's purchasing,, piece of software,? When you get in the larger companies, say over 100 million in ARR., it's usually multiple people who make a buying decision,? You have to go through multiple buyer,, decision making and I think it really is at the account level and the reality is they're isn't enough time in the day for them to truly understand, what's in, what's in that account,, going through and reading their,, if they're a public company.. They're they're filings,? Or if they're private company going and searching things crunchbase or,, pitch book to see other information understanding their competitor,, there's a ton of research that goes into it that I think a lot of the agentic AI stuff solves where, which is really exciting. But you said, there's also the creative part of creating not a meme, but also, we created entire websites for them.?,, today you said,,, you're depending on what the relationship is with that Prospect?, getting them to it,, getting them on a call or asking them for meeting is probably way premature? Realistically what you're doing is you're trying to surface. In trying to educate them to understand how your product or service. Meets their specific needs because the biggest mistake that I see people make in marketing at least is,, assuming that there's there it's a blank slate. there's nothing there already. And oftentimes there's a lot there already people have built their entire, development environments or entire data,, environments. And you have to find a way how you can reasonably,, enter,, integrate yourself into that. And,, we build Some incredible personalized websites we've used Mutiny as a vendor for that. I did there's a whole blog that was written about how we did that at a client called single store which was exciting. We're we're doing that also creating customized LinkedIn ads for specific accounts. A specific messaging based on what we find and it works., I've, it's been, it's been crazy because I've seen Target accounts thumbs up and LinkedIn ads. I've never seen that before. My, my time where the account itself is giving us a thumbs up for the ad because it's, on on topic,? It's on target with the messaging. anyways, it's it's exciting. It's an exciting time to be a marketer. I would say., let's run through a few more of these use cases. I think they're fascinating. I've seen folks on the marketing side who are buying Google AdWords, they will use Llms to update the AdWords because every once in a while, you get certain keywords, that go stale or have to, you have to continuously be checking your AdWords account, and making tweaks and whatnot. And they'll use llms to help them optimize the spend there and update these stale keywords.. I've also seen it for keywords with SEO and use it or tool a refs or a keyword. Yes, exactly. Samora getting the CSV maybe for Certain keywords that you're trying to rank for and then the llm can tell you what other keywords you might want to be ranking for, and which ones you should really try to optimize for? Because they seem they have the best score.. and then there's also negative keywords,? I I generally how I've seen this work in the anal I think the analog to digital is a really good construct the way to think about this that, prell and post llm prell or analog version of this is downloading., the CSV file of all of your keywords for the last 30 days or 90 days, whatever the window is going through. And marking the ones the keywords that are that are leading to a conversion and the ones that are not leading you that are not. And those are what are called negative keywords,? And you mean we go through and check make those checks and then re-upload,, those keywords into your campaign and that's how you do it. There's all other ways you can let Google decide for you say, I'm gonna have Google optimize,, my, my keyword list, but I don't know. But, I think that's a, that's a really cool. Use case, I expect to see that a lot more. I think what I'm hearing even interestingly enough, Google AdWords itself. I feel is,, I've been I don't know if you ever listen that all in podcasts but there's a lot of conversation about what that what search looks in the age of, of llms and chat GPT. And now we can I can see the,, UTM parameters coming in for a lot of my clients because I'm I'm definitely a pretty firm believer that you have to UTM every link ever. what's going on and I can view a lot of the utms and I've been noticing more and more the referral being open Ai and some of these. I think the bigger conversation is how do you SEO for llms for open,, for chat GP or gemini or what have you what I'm hearing from, people That are SEO experts. I'm not an EXO, SEO expert, but people who are have told me that in general, it's following the similar patterns,, of Getting indexed By search and that thing., but there's still a bit, a little bit of an unknown, about how these LMS are indexing, write blogs and pages in that. But I definitely see growth in terms of referral traffic coming from chat. Gbt, it's wild to watch that go up compared to Google search., I've heard it called, answer engine optimization. it's a e o and SEO.., I'd be curious,,, maybe as a follow-on, if you had someone,, that knows those things better. I know you have an extensive network of people who maybe can see behind the scenes with some of these things, I'd be very curious as a marketer to know, to know that because definitely shoot, I go, I go to chat GPT now more than for sure than Google search to get answers for sure.,. I think that's a, that's a big tectonic shift that's happening in marketing now., and the whole conversation is around., are click through rate or, our page views. Are lowered. We're getting less traffic sent to us from search. but we're still getting more relevant traffic and even though it's less, we're getting relevant traffic because it is again that it Answer that will link back to you from Chad GT or Gemini output and it's you're eight steps out of 10. On your journey.. And you don't need to sift through all this super top of the funnel crap that wasn't getting you any actual paying customers. It was getting your SEO agency, a whole lot of cooling.. You've tapped in to something that is it? That's the, that's the called tip of the iceberg., there there were many I would say, Circa 2020 2021 the last five years. I feel that, that whole game of top of funnel,, marketing is got blown out, blown out, completely. I would be very surprised if there's a single CEO or CMO that even,, we used to call it vanity metrics and somehow it got lost in the shuffle that it's still vanity metrics. And,, and and what would happen is Is Not only would you get I hate to say junk traffic, but you would, even get Bots and things,. That would come in and people would Pat themselves on the back, but even more. they then say. But at least they signed up and then you go and look at those sign-ups and they're, all Gmail Yahoo qq.com,, and again, I hate to say garbage signs but they were. And one of the things that's been a breakthrough, with a lot of my clients is in fact using these AI agents to do research on those emails, to figure out who these people are. And a lot of people Don't realize you can you have to be really careful with pii and all of that but you can figure out who they are now and you can say oh this is competitor that's in there trying to get information. And we we didn't know that with a few of our clients and you can put them on a different path to speak. how are you doing that? by creating workflows that are researching the Gmail address it and.. you can use their., they give you a couple pieces of information. It's I think there's a guy who does a lot of the training for clay, same as Yaz. And he says, one of the back in my college days, I used to work for UPS to pay my way through school and when your stack I used to load these containers full of boxes and they say, there's a Cornerstone box and the program was called Cornerstone. And yes, to take a box and you start in one corner of the of the trailer,? Then you'd build your wall from there, the boxes don't fall on you when you're, when you're loading and that's what this is. you have a Cornerstone piece which is, for now anyways is your LinkedIn profile. and,, You can you can try to search using these AI agents, their Gmail and then you can see also based on their,, first and lastly, if they give that to you,, and there's ways,, to figure out who they could be and it's not 100%. I think we get about a, I'd say the industry average now is about 40, 45 percent hit rate. you still don't, there's still a bunch of you don't know, but the bottom line is,, we're implementing this idea., I don't know,, most people have, mqls sqls, they have lead scoring that whole domain is completely getting upended by this AI evolution,. And I call it Evolution not a revolution because it is, it's evolving. What why is it no more nqos?, because it's such a wrote,, analog model,? It's they they clicked on four links or they visited your website and they also attended a webinar and they downloaded the white paper. But, that's not really they're ready to purchase. They could have a lot of free time on their hands, I don't know,, what?, and that's probably true. And then the alternative is then you get a SQL which is a sales qualified lead,? And they're gonna say,, this is a really good lead because I know a guy who knows a guy and and we think that they're really,, a perfect Target for our solution and, and on and forth,, but really what you want is an AI ql which removes, a lot of that subjectivity, I think., there's a new type of subject too coming from AI. But, what it can do is, I said, you have to feed it a bunch of signal,? I said, job posting, public filing,? Or there's the org chart,? there's a, there's a website called the org,.com. there's ways to figure out who's who in the zoo that's a buddy of mine used to say that I'd be him all the time which got annoying after a while, but anyways, but it's true,, who's who in the zoo and who has the budget and what are they? What's that, what are they really need to pay? And do they have a competitor all ready? And what's the relationships? Because., and I'm sure,, it's it's a very complex Thing to sell,, sell enterprise software into a large organization., one thing that I Am trying to wrap my head around, is you get all these signals? You get all this data. and, Some of it may be incomplete. And then, where are you throwing? All of this? into a context window and then asking an llm to say, are they in the buying cycle or not? And then they get a score that gets fed to the sales team or how does that process look of. Hey, we got all these signals. This person looks a green light we should reach out., we automatically reach out with AI and we get something back and it only gets surfaced when they respond because we've done all these cool memes and this audio generation from the founder, full picture in in, for me., we have, one of the other things that we developed is a unified inbox,? And,, we feed all of the the Outreach, if you will into a single inbox and anyone can view in the company. And,, when someone replies back to one of these,, tactics we can immediately have someone jump in and say, hey,, I saw,, that you are interested in in such and such or and and we can immediately start that conversation., but, they hit a certain threshold where, they they put out a job posting that mentions,, For example,, for one of our clients, they're targeting my SQL shops because my SQL is known to,,, tap out after a certain level of concurrent users,? For an application. we're always looking to say,, they're trying to do some implementation of my sequel for some sass application. when we see that job posting and it mentions, some of these things., then I take, you said, it's within that within that context window and then we integrated into slack. And, we have our own little bot if you will, within art. Because that's where people live nowadays and slack is, I'm sure,, and we have a slack that pings the rep and says, hey, as a person would, as an SDR would it says, hey, I noticed, your A cover, your your coverage this area or you're the AE the account executive for this account,? You should know that. They put out this job posting. And here's the hiring manager, you should here's their LinkedIn contact. And by the way, here's some interesting facts, you should know about them. They happen to be a marathon or they to paint in their free time or they have kids, or what have you, and then you can they they themselves. Can also write a really nice note, which increases their odds of of acceptance? And you're getting that ping. Do you have the capability? Because I can see this being, the marketers cursor. where?. It's a really good analogy., you, and you can go back to the bot and say draft me up. A LinkedIn message that is relevant. what we're doing, and the job post has XML of crossover., I think that's a great analogy. I don't think I think Clay is probably the closest thing I see, but it's still pretty WorkFlowy, what? their soul a lot of I don't think we've really now someone has at y combinator or somewhere somewhere else wants to talk to me and we want to start at start something because I don't think there is a cursor for marketing yet. I do think there should be. I do think there should be a, a way to,, you can't with replicate or cursor,? go in there and say, I want to launch a campaign to,, cybersecurity companies and it'll automatically create,, the entire,, campaign that includes,, ad copy and creative, the messaging,, a target audience, the landing pages, the white papers, the content based on all that. I'm not aware of anything that exists today. I have to base., that's why I have an agency,? Is because it doesn't exist and I have to do that essentially manually but Stitch all these things together. there's a lot of Bespoke solutions that that touch what we've all what we've been talking about. But I feel I'm more of a system integrator for marketing today,? Is this really what the job is today as a marketer? It's your assistant integrator period? That's how I see it., it's funny that you mention that because I was talking to a friend Sean last week on how if you look at any job. What? people are doing in their job is Getting they want the end result. You want the job to be done type of thinking, where you don't buy a drill? To drill things, you buy a drill because you want to put a picture up on the wall. And you need to drill a hole in the wall and then then you can hang that photo. you want that end result,? But there's all these steps in between, there's these tasks in between and maybe some of it is moving data from over here and putting it over here. You're. Or it is creating something over here. And all these tasks that you can break out in that whole end-to-end flow. Is. Where you are starting to see now? AI play a part in some of these tasks whether or not it is helping with the productivity of your able to spend something up faster or it's it can go ahead and do it for you and then you can give it the sign off or sometimes, people don't even give it sign off. They throw out shit. I think that's a really really important point. I think there's two points in there that you made that are really important. One is you absolutely need to still sign this stuff off because it's still not 100%. I think I had a I had a salesperson and share with me the other day that we totally got the name, wrong of this person, for whatever reason. And I was you guys, that's not my name, that's not what I do. Crap. And it happens,?, there's still some margin of error with these things and, and it happens but,, you you own it, and you say, you're,, this was, we got to ahead of our cells and, but I think even humans make mistake, I always think about, the argument against self-driving cars. It's, oh,, they there's one accident this year, we should cancel the whole program., wait a second,, how are humans doing out there with with the car driving and the, in the market situation?, I don't think it's 100% either last, I checked,? we have this weird,, I thinking, that,, we should hold AI to this higher standard that we do humans for some reason. And I think that's a little bit misplaced. I'm, I get it, we should do better, but on the other hand, we should really be., the second comment that you made about buying the drill. Again, I think it's it. You're absolutely. And and,, using that analogy. What's the biggest thing? At least for me when I'm hating hanging a painting missing the stud,?, again, you have to find a signal because I can, I can build amazing campaigns but if I if I miss that or if I missed the target, all of that's for not,? And that's why these AI agents are critical for marketers is and because you can spend, I've seen people spend millions and tens of millions of dollars on campaigns. Because they had the wrong messaging, or they had the wrong audience or they had the wrong offering. And all of that could have been avoided. Had there been a bit more research done at the start? really deeply, understand the pain of what that Prospect is going through. And that's what I think,, a lot of marketers don't have the time to do because they're focused on, Doing the Tactical stuff,? I'm,, think there's a Renaissance coming of marketing because we're not going to be,, charged with having to spend 90% of our time. finally things and and building, we can spend more of our time. really understanding that customer, which is, I think what marketing is supposed to be doing at the outset. But anyways, It's funny that you mention. Hey, I'm a systems integrator because it Goes back to. What my friend Sean was saying is that we're all going to become Architects.. And we are Going to be as good as we are, able to architect our system. And if we can put all these disparate pieces of AI capabilities to gather and make a cohesive system out of it. Then we're going to get much more lift from that.,. 100%. And I think what, I said, I think we're really at the early at the early days of this. But who am I to say? I, I have my little purview. I'm sure there are people that are doing amazing, things that they don't talk about,, because it's probably their IP., but, I, I would say that it's, it's really quite fun., that's the other part about this., I remember marketing used to be really fun., in the 2000s, I guess in the age of the internet and all of that, and then we ran some amazing campaigns and people have really fun with it. And then, it got, it stopped being fun., I think developers lash back against marketers it was,, with pitchforks., and going after I was in a I was at a conference not too long ago and I was sitting in a room. Now, I'm trying to remember which one it was, but it was a while back and oh, I think it was a, it was a kubernetes con conference in Chicago. That's where it was. And, these are pretty hardcore developers. And I was sitting on In this, investor room. And if you're I didn't, I almost wanted to sneak out of there cuz I'm they're, bashing marketing. oh, marketing always gets developers wrong and don't hire them and they're terrible, oh no, I gotta get out of here but I still think that's, there's a little bit of that and I get it., I think there's been,, times look I live through the IBM, Watson era, quite honestly,? I was, I can tell you, there's there was a bit of hand waving at that time, quite honestly,? Which has been, I think is fairly, on understood at this point. And, and,, I get it,,, marketers are trying to push the envelope, and get people excited about a new technology, or a new service or new product. And they sometimes go too far. And that's something you have to really, really cautious of But going back to this point, I wanted to close the loop on the cursor for marketers. Or the Devon or whatever, insert your favorite code agent. For marketers. I think that is something that would be incredible because if you can prompt The whole campaign., there's they're already is ways to do that. for example, there is an integration now between clay and webflow. I don't think it's a great integration yet. As far as I know, we personally at single store, we use Mutiny. we were building these pages on Mutiny that could customize.,, based on, on what we knew about about the account,? And, we can speak to speak to their pain points and use, we update the, the customer case studies,? Based on the customer that came in,? You'd want to find a lookalike to the customer that you're targeting saying,, did, your competitor is using us to do this,? And they go,, there's always a fomo there., but, I, I saw some more recently. Someone said that. Vibe marketing is a thing already. I feel it's happening. I'm not, I'm in heads down, that's sometimes you forget to look up and look around,, what, what other people doing? Because I'm in the weeds of building these things,, going to build her mode. And then you pause. Oh no. Someone Fixed this over there., I gotta go, jump on that train now., it's it's happening man. I think this it's good that we're having this conversation because I it's it's often interesting to me how I do meet Founders. How I do me very Savvy CEOs at, growth companies as who aren't really recognizing the the opportunity that exists now, the second? There's still investing in a lot of these more traditional marketing tactics quite honestly, and no offense to any friends of mine out there, but, going to these giant trade shows quite honestly. It's I get it there's a, there's a level of,, it's, it's cool that you can connect with people in real life. I think that's fine. But boy, it's it's it's it's very resource. Intensive versus coming in with more of a scalpel and figuring out how to find,, how to To generate that conversation differently.,, I think I think there's definitely going to be,. There's definitely going to be a group of people who. Don't transition fast enough to AI agent marketing, quite honestly, or Vibe, marketing, if you want to call it, that versus those who stick with the, with the traditional,, approach and I can already see it. I can see in a couple of places, but I'm convinced that those who jump on the AI stuff sooner than later, will likely. Likely jump out ahead within the next,, a few months. I think it's a real thing. one thing that's fascinating, and I'm trying to grapple with, in my mind is how we have this whole systems and very much marketing UPS type thing where you are tactical and you're Creating. Very specific. And you said, almost these sniper type of bullets that are going out. But then you also have the thought leadership in the brand building. And the stuff that I think It goes a really long way especially because as you said 90% of folks that are finding out about you or trying, you probably aren't in the buying cycle.. you want to figure out how you can keep that conversation going with them until they are in the buying cycle and you can become that trusted advisor. And that's where I feel you cannot use AI in that type of Thought leadership per se or at least maybe in the way that I'm thinking about it, which would be a podcast for example or going.. To Maybe it's giving talks on stages is all a little bit harder to use Ai and not regard. AI can help you write the talk and I can help you distribute the podcast or create clips from the podcast. But it's not necessarily you can use notebook LM. And now you have thought leadership because of your notebook. LM pod.... This is what I would say to that. 100%,, I would say 100% that the key to using,, AI agents in your, in your workflow and in marketing and frankly in business Is and this is why,, it's it's, it's assistive versus replacement,? And and it's because You still need that authenticity,? There's no replacing it. people respond to other people people., our human beings are not human doing things,? they're looking for connection, they're looking for,, building relationships, they want to build trust. And what I see is that,, Ai and in these agents are really helping you to distill information., for example, I'm working with a startup here at Oregon State University where we're filming from today and they have a really cool computer vision technology that allows you to., measure Monitor, and, and manage aquaculture., if you're if you're unaware fish, farming or seafood, farming is more than half of all of the world's food food supply, which is absurd., it's crazy to think about,? And already 85% of the wild food Seafood out. There is already, is no longer available,? only 15% of the world's,, can go with wild fish., but they were,, we were trying to figure out they were trying to figure out, doing all these, customer interviews what to build and how to focus their go to market. on the research side again, and we conducted, and this is where,, the AI Park came in a, we were able to use,, AI to go out and find these types of operations,? Where they have large enough operations that they could use technology to count, fish or count sea, urchins or count,, whatever. And we were able to get in,, get conversations these CEOs or these,, these A seafood Farmers all over the world. that's amazing,? And and we interviewed them using Microsoft teams. And we got the transcripts? And we fed those into our into our AI system and they brought back here are the concepts that you should focus on. And, to your point,, I don't know,, Demetrios when you come up with,, who your guests are going to be or other topics, you should be talking about,, I don't know how you,, decide that maybe you're, you're probably a genius is probably a big part of it, but all it's, but how do you take all those conversations you have? And that's sized them., now we have gone and now, we have all these other things that can,, do that for you, but you still need to marry that with other,, information, about,, these macro moves and these other things that are going on,? And I think that's the part where,, these AI agents can help you craft a better,, message. And think about what you should be talking about as a thought leader. To your to your point. All, you're always staying on The Cutting Edge. That's cool. but again, it doesn't abstract away the actual time in conversations with folks, it is more the originality or the ability to come up with new ideas. You have a sparring partner now that you can call up or Spar with at any moment of the day. it's it's a great,. What's the famous line? Steve Jobs says that,, computers are a bicycle for your mind,?,, this is really this gets to that,? I think more than anything. it's,, working with these AI agents and and obviously, chat, gbt being,, Another example that it's it really is, it's a, it's an exercise for your mind you get much deeper insights. I hate that were but you do you get much deeper insights, from working with this stuff than you would, then you would normally.. I I think that's you're totally. I don't think it's a replacement though. I've come to realize that, I get pretty excited with tech., oh,, we can, ramp this up and we can do all Ai sdrs and never have to,, pay a commission again. We don't need sales people. No, that's not, that's not true at all. there's a big product LED growth. Everyone wants to be data dog. Everyone wants to be sneak or everyone wants to be Docker and, oh, we don't need sales people., we're gonna put our product out there, it's gonna be great, it's gonna sell itself,, we're gonna put all of our money and resources in a product development, and we'll never have to deal with sales and marketing people ever again. Thank goodness. No. It's not, it's not real people buy from people. I really believe that,, and whether they're buying,, whether you talk to them or not, they're still,, looking up the companies brand and they're still thinking about,, who is behind the product,? And again, you said, if you're not out there, how,, nurturing or creating your own personal brand as a Founder,? Then, you're I think you're likely missing of seeing that type of growth is going to be stimulated. I don't think it's going to be the same. one thing that I wanted to bring up, was that, when you think about and you hear this Trope, it's almost cliche these days on, oh now we're not gonna need humans to do that and it's very clear to all of us that you still need humans to do stuff, but what is happening that I have been seeing in a few friends reference to me, was that you're now looking at when maybe there was traditionally a python developer., that were Create some a mock-up in streamlit., all of a sudden because of cursor, they can have three different types of MVPs that are built with.., it's you're not now magically freed up with your time. I think things accelerate man. I think they accelerate. for example with this with a startup they're called sea stereo but with this startup I was they they have a team of of developers and engineers and,, he they people spend, they're spending,, a good portion of their time on I would argue, mundane stuff,. And I think, what you're describing to me is A lot of the remedial work and I,, I don't mean to be sound, derogatory or anything when I say that. I mean a lot of the grunt work of,, standing up a website and creating, a UI ux for, a dashboard those sorts of things.. I don't think a lot of people necessarily want to work on those things. And for example, I was,, we drove out to One of these,,, design Partners an early customer of our company. I want to wrap it and I'm, all, describe to me what you'd want to see as your dashboard and I kid you not I, I'll send you the link, it created an unbelief and I said, I wanted to look that. I don't know if you've ever heard of that company called FrontPoint, but it's a do-it-yourself security software company where you go around. You, put in all the different sensors. And anyways, it has cameras and things, whatever. And I said,, look at this UI and make a version of of this for aquaculture, dude, it's fun it up and less than an hour. It was unbelievable. And the guys,, oh, I this. I don't this. we tweak it and then they gives,, the engineers something to build too.., I think I think with marketing its it is it's Vibe coding and Vibe and marketing, it's, it's lowering the threshold for experimentation which is something that I've always loved. I loved Experimenting. And I think that's if we can experiment more, we tend to be able to find ground truth that much sooner,,, and that's what it's all about. I think a lot of these,, break throughs Are really allowing us I said to spend more time. Thinking much more deeply than we ever have about these user experiences or these interactions or our messages, or even the products that we're building,? And that's I think what that's what excites me probably the most,.