, code is a really really good system of record. And maybe you can extend the analogy to other types of system, records, internally where,, they are truth. And you can monitor changes on those and reflect those back into the knowledge base. But unless you have a digital system of record, it's really hard to reconcile things. there's still going to be meeting notes and other types of documents that might be floating around, but certain types of knowledge,, how to our product work., I think there should always be a very clear answer Devon Stein. CEO and founder of dosu, and drink my coffee black. Generally, pour overs in the morning, but we have an espresso machine at the office, also drink quite a bit of this recipe. Let's talk about the facts agent. Can you break it down for me? What is it? Exactly. Before we go into the details?,, it's our. before we get into the details,, it's dose was a product. We got our start helping out with open source maintenance,, the premise of dosu was As an engineer, don't spend that much time coding especially as I grew more senior, my career. And as I open source container, a lot of my time was spent answering questions in triaging issues., I started those who to focus on, hey, can we answer questions in triage issues,, Engineers can by looking at code, commits conversations and tickets, everything around the code base. And the product Engineers are unique in organizations because code is truth, it really tells you how your part works. And whenever there's ambiguity, you need to escalate something to an engineer. And we can build those who our initial agent to answer questions and triage issues whether they're incoming in slack or on GitHub issues. In the case of Open Source, maintenance and dose has been, very popular with an open source, helping answer questions and triage incoming GitHub issues. And we launched our second iteration of our Asian we're calling our faced reasoning agent and the premise is exactly this idea of that, hey, Users ask very related questions over and over again and those who,, does an investigation every time starting from scratch, most agents do, hey, we're gonna have searched the code base. We're gonna look at recent PR's. We're gonna, scroll through slack and but a lot of that work is duplicated across different agent runs and this new design has it. as doses doing research in a given prune, it's learning what we call facts, which are claim supported by evidence that found and it uses those facts when generating its response now and if the response is correct which we get from,, either direct user feedback or from a maintainer expert that jumps into the thread, then those facts are committed to its knowledge base. And then next time, someone asks a similar question about related topics. Those who first take stock of, hey, what do I know about these Topics? In terms of The Facts of my knowledge base? Do I have enough information to respond? If not what am I missing and then it'll do additional research to find that information respond. And it's this, nice learning Loop where the more you use the product, the more facts, it learns to better, it gets and the faster it gets,. the facts flywheel is fascinating to me, and all. the whole idea of How? And when you get the agent to jump in is probably the most fascinating because How does it get solidified that a decision has been made? How does an agent know that a decision has been made? And it's not continuing a conversation or it needs to be picked up. Again, when XYZ happens there's many X factors and intangibles. That feels, it's a very hard problem for an agent to solve. Or maybe not yes, in the general case, I think it is very hard to have that human intuition of, when I should jump into this,, what is my expertise needed? I think, in the domain we work in, it's usually who is asking the question? the audience matters a lot if we have its the ticket or issue is coming from a maintainer. They probably know generally about the problem and maybe a good response with then be pointers and where in the code base or recent works or no response at all because they probably have it under control. First is if a user is asking a question and they are baby non-technical or less technical or new to the project then usually help is,, any information to help them go from where they are to closer to where they want to be in terms of resolving or answering. Their question is, welcome., I think audience plays a pretty important role when thinking about,, doesn't agent want to jump into this conversation. do you have to have user profiles built up? That the agent is aware of Yes, we have a pretty simple structure now where we have experts who are users in the app, the curators of knowledge and then normal users, who are less familiar with the domain in the future. I think there's a lot of cool things we could do around,, different types of audiences, whether you're fully non-technical, and you can only understand things in a product terms versus, you're an engineer that is unfamiliar with this code base, but you can read and write code. Yes. And where does it? Triage items from do you plug into jira do plug into confluent notion, click up? Is it all of that? Because, I know documentation, and I was expressing this before we hit record, it can be such a pain And a lot of times, it's a pain because it's dispersed. Yes, I think that's one of the really interesting things and about llms is that end humans,? If you think about human memory, something,, Engineers our senior engineer at a company or an open source maintainer has been on a project for a while. Something that they do that is,, really, really unique is they're able to see the activity across all these different apps, see what's going on in slack. Maybe in clickup and jira across PR, what has been merged? What has been, what issues have come up? And then connect the dots between these different data sources, see the connections in terms of topics how they relate together, and we try to take a similar Approach at dosu around., trying to figure out,, what is the product or engineering ontology for your organization?, what are the key? Concepts topics product features components on the engineering side and then how can we Relate the conversations that are happening across these disparate apps. The documentation that lives across these different apps back to those Core Concepts and start building the connections between them. It makes it easier for us to then,, when we're talking about a specific part of the product where that information might live across everything, This episode is brought to you by mlflow the open source platform. Trusted by teams worldwide, to manage the entire ML and gen AI lifecycle. And with free managed ml flow on databricks. You get all the benefits of mlflow plus automated infrastructure unified experiment, tracking model, versioning observability and enterprise-grade governance. All in one place, ship reliable models to production faster with less hassle. Get started at mlflow dot or check out the recent talk that we had from Eric Peter at our SF agent Builders Summit. Mlflow dot org. Links in the description, we had on here. a few months ago, donate who created a data analyst agent, and one of the hardest challenges that she talked about was how Words. Don't mean the same thing, always. words are hard,, was the long and short of it and she used it in the context of if you're a data analyst, you have all this jargon that you say, and that you want, you ask questions to an agent about but those questions and those words all that jargon you have to Explain to an agent, what that means because and I always go back to the most simple answer that I can wrap my head around, which is an mql at one company or marketing qualified lead at one company. Can mean one thing? At this company. But at the other company you have to do five different things to become an mql. even though we're using the same word, it is not the same. When the data analysts are asking questions of the LMS. And what they did to fix, that is what they essentially had to create a glossary of terms, that when a data analyst would use this jargon, the llm could reference that, and it could say,, cool. I understand what an mql is at this company. How have you dealt with that? Because I can only imagine in your world. It is Multiplied times 100.. we have a very similar approach where four topics they have aliases or synonyms that,, also referred to as it's the relationship.,, we have a lot of examples of this. I think every company does,, where we call something one, name in the front end, but then in the back end has a historic name that's completely different. And we go back and forth internally using either the front end term or the backend term or another thing is,, the word task, we have three or four different terms for tasks in our backend code base. Could be a celery task, it could be an llm tasks, could be this background tasks and,, how should we differentiate for giving the same term?, what other what what is the meaning of this term in this context is also a related and hard problem. Another thing that's On and relates back to auto reply, or jumping into conversations is conversation and Precure. what is the implied meeting of a comment in slack? Especially you when you someone will post in slack,,, how do we do this thing? And, what is we in this case? Is it the team they're on? Is it,, the engineering team of the channel? There's a lot of, implied meanings of,, the way people Converse in shared channels. When it's, you know the dough domain of discourse,, what people are generally talking about and having the L and do the same,, figuring out what is the implied, meaning. What is this person looking for is fun and challenging? It's fuzzy, isn't it? It's,, we Who you calling? We,,. What do you mean by that? And how do you? think about adding value but not being too noisy because in llm is always gonna say that it knows something and it's probably always going to want to jump into a conversation but that adds cognitive load at the end of the day. If I have to read a one-page report for a simple question that I have and It really isn't getting to that sense of the question. I'm going to be pretty pissed at that tool., I think it's one of the hardest problems generally in the agent space. I think there's two pieces of that. One is conciseness is generally very hard with LMS partially the way I think they're both in pre-training and fine-tuned. They tend to be more verbose than what a human counterpart would say. And we've invested a lot in reducing verbosity keeping responses concise because you're. the it's one thing to be wrong and have a two sentence answer but to be wrong with a two paragraph or page answer. Then it takes a lot of time and cognitive low to figure out. Hey the LMS not correct. I think the way you deliver information we've thought a lot about it. I think that we solve a long way to go in order to be concise be point back to reference sources as can help with that. instead of we stating what exists in the reference source or fact, Link back to it. Can help shorten things. The other side of it is,, when do llms know if they have,, do they know the answer or they confident enough to respond also open research problem. I saw a really interesting paper, I can't remember the name. It was something to do with abundance was in the title that came out of fair at meta. Yesterday where they found that reasoning agents are worse at knowing that they don't know the answer., there are no because,, it's almost this overthinking problem where they will even in their Chain of Thought, They might say, they don't know. But by the end of the time, they finish thinking they're, I got this. It talked himself into it., exactly. It's,, coaching them,, I can respond to this and,, there's ways in which,, I think given a specific domain, you can help figure out better what is your confidence level?, one is again audience, who is asking the question? I think helps dictate quite a bit on. what is an appropriate response? And if they want help and then the other side is going back to the fact-based. Agent is can you ensure that all these statements you make are coming from facts and those facts have been confirmed before either by human expert or,, from previous conversations. the quality of your knowledge. I think also dictates,, the quality of your responses. let's put a pin in the quality of your knowledge, which is I want to dive into how you Think that can improve over time. The last thing while we're on this topic of These fact-based agents is. Do I need to give explicit consent or approval win a fact is immortalized that it can go and then be rerouted and put into a knowledge base or is that happening in the background and it's constantly updating. If there's been enough Insinuating at it because that feels something that could easily go off the wheels too.. you start going on this circular false fake news type of vicious cycle. And next thing wait, how did that become something that quote unquote, we do here. Yes, this is something we think a lot about and have I think it relates generally to, UI or I guess ux for agents in that when we started rolling this out we said hey we're going to generate facts based off all the data that we ingest. no human looped fully automated and where we ended up is we would generate a lot of knowledge. I think the knowledge is correct but you don't know. And it is this scary Middle Ground of maybe you're propagating some false claim., that's cascading failure. And where We've Ended up and I think from a plot product philosophy makes sense generally for Asians is three stages to automation. First is the human the loop.,, a in the open source case a open source. Tanner says,, great response either by dosu or they added a response and they're I want to make sure that those who knows about this topic and they can take an explicit action to save it to their knowledge base. And there's,, the human is and they then see a preview of what get saved and they can edit it. there's,, very high quality knowledge that the human,, took the initiative to say save this to my knowledge base and review it. It feels that is you're asking a lot of someone to do that. Yes and no. I think what's unique somewhat about the domain we're in is that usually those who operates in public forums, whether that's an internal slack or open source project where there's a lot of people asking questions or looking for help and then there are a few experts and they're, even if those who doesn't answer it, someone will generally,, it's someone's gonna respond to you in slack hopefully and if you don't you'll keep pinging them. And we do usually get a resolution on all the threads that were on. Whether it's those who,, driven resolution or human driven resolution. And it's a lot less work to say,, command to save this to the knowledge base, then it is to go and update your documentation, which is the alternative and there's an incentive to do because,, if you do this then next time who's gonna get that, and you won't have to answer that same question. I think we're fortunate in our domain that are users. Our experts are very incentivized to make the product better. And that's the human in the loop modality. Then the next one is more,, I would say maybe ai-driven it's in the crawl, walk run more the walk stage where,, dosu is reviewing threads and, whether it's a PR or a conversation and it is saying, hey, you said something that I either one conflicts with what is in my knowledge base or I don't have in my knowledge base, but it seems important which and and then can reach out to that person either in the thread or in a direct message or can of in the app and say,, should I save this to my knowledge base off? What you suggested? it's a little bit of a proactive.. Where,, we're not saving it directly but we're doing the work to get everything ready in a preview draft State and then you Have to approve it. It's a sleeper agent that's there in the background recognizing and how does it know when it seems important? Is that my use of, bad words and caps locks?, it's similar to,, a lot of it has been to doing. I think we're still iterating.. Again we're all fortunate and that,, the domain that is discussed is very it is -defined. Usually what you want to save to acknowledge base or to your to your documentation. It's, hey there was some investigation where the seam a lot of work, a lot of back and forth or a question that,, was very relevant to the domain of, how do I get started? How do I troubleshoot? there's a class of stuff that we're looking for that is likely what you want to put back into the knowledge base.. Nice. And then let's., the fully automated is where we originally thought we wanted to start. Which is, we get confident and we get enough approvals. And all these drops that we can within,, start generating knowledge where we're confident automatically, you don't have to be in the loop and then maybe if we're not confident, then that can I get. It's moved to address state for you to review but generally it's, hands off., those who is extracting knowledge for you generating. Previews when it needs your help and, and then,, important, then is maintaining that knowledge, which is the second piece of a puzzle., Because of the rise of all the coding agents. How have you seen things change? Things are changing in a few different ways. I think one is the importance. ironically I think the importance of written knowledge is only increasing because unlike humans ai's at least currently do not have good memories. And,, it doesn't, there's the internet analogies made off and with oh, agents having 1000 interns or 100 interns but interns, hopefully will get better over time. Agents are,, very, very smart, but they are forgetful,, they typically don't learn from doing in the same way. And, what we've seen from our users and talking to customers is that agents to much much better when they have in all knowledge to reference of,,, I'm working on billing., where is billing? How does it work in this code base? Or,, how should I think about billing conceptually for this product? And they,, agents need more documentation and the Format in which they consume them is different,, agents, unlike people can read giant Blobs of text and that's good docs for them., it's very informational dense., it doesn't have to be aesthetically pleasing and also I think similarly connecting the best docks for agents connect product, Concepts back to the code base. it's not talking about billing in the abstract, but it has references back to, where it's implemented in what directories, which is,, important for people. But I think even more important for agents because they're often operating on the code base and they want to, they don't want to, learn about a concept and then have to figure out where it lives the code base, they want to know where to go in a code base immediately. that's one piece I would say. The other side is that., agents quoting agents excel in smaller projects,, the vibe coding examples but at larger that at scale. The it's, it can be very scary to use a coding agent because if you are an engineer and you're asked to make a change and you don't know how to make the change and then you ask an agent to do it. It's,, really,, it only with fire., you play with fire and a prerequisite to making changes. Is generally understanding the system,, what is the impact of your changes? And that also is where documentation or knowledge becomes more important. But for humans,, understand,, what is the impact of this change? Where should it change? then you can review and be co-pilot for the coating agent. incredible about the ways that they consume information because that lines up with everything and it's funny, how Making the link. giving them almost grounding them in code, gives them a better chance of success and then throwing as much information at them as possible really lines up with., give all the context you can and they can suss out. What is important for them. Now, this Feels a perfect segue into the quality of knowledge and how you're thinking about making knowledge higher quality in general. Because as I was mentioning before we hit record again, was I love documentation. I'm a huge fan of trying to write. I think a writing helps you, clarify your thoughts. It helps you get down the most important stuff that you want to then take forward. But what I've noticed is, You have to constantly be updating docs as things change and you all. have to recognize that a lot of things are going to not be relevant after a certain amount of time. And you need to know which ones are relevant in those moments of time., how does that knowing that?, if I look through my notion, which is where I keep all of my documentation for the community and all of that stuff, if I look through that, I'm not going to say 80% is obsolete, but it's not. It's definitely a majority. Is Obsolete. And that's because every podcast that we've had for the last five years,, I have a notion page on them. I'm not using those anymore but they're there and maybe they can be referenced. Maybe it can be something or there's strategy documents that I've written up in 2022 and those are not relevant or reflection documents all of this stuff. Feels it would muddy up the waters on documentation and if you want the highest quality documentation for your business, how do you think about keeping it high quality?, I think you're not alone in that,, 80% of your notion is stale. I think that's probably the norm. what's the saying is the instant you write docs they're stale and I think that's really true I think the way we think about it and I think generally a good framing is you want to lean on humans on for what they're good at and then AI what they're good at and humans are really good about knowing what is important I think writing is still very useful and important exercise of you usually as an expert on some tough topic or having done research no what are the things that someone in the future need to know and maybe the story that you want to tell around it and, AI can help you,? But at the end of the day,, your the Nuggets of,, expertise or knowledge that you as the expert,, put into it,, that's what's really, really important to have the human in the loop. And we We focus on what is, how do we make tools to make it really easy for you have something that you think is important. How do you get it down in a written format?, save to a knowledge base or to your documentation as easily as possible because I think,, at least from my experience and I know from my cloud of other Engineers, this was there's a lot of things I would to document, but I don't have time.. And I think part of the puzzle is really being making it easy 10x. 100x easier to get information out of experts and then the second part of the story is,, how do we maintain it? And how do we, what it, what do you how do we know what is truth? The way we're approaching it. I think it's Unique to our product, and I think it's,, at least currently, It's easiest in the product engineering domain because you have code, which is a source of truth. That is very clear how it changes or when it changes really? And the way we think, I think there's two types of I guess documentation and all knowledge. Some of it is is more notes, it's temporal in nature, it's maybe a meeting note, you don't want to update a meeting note because it's a record of what happened. But there's pieces of that that maybe you do want reflected as canonical a source of Truth.. And we're very focused on the knowledge that you want to be source of Truth. How do we keep that up to date? And the nice thing is that code is another source of truth. That's very clear what it is. And as code changes we can compare those to the state of your knowledge base and try to detect inconsistencies.,, you have this in your,, source of truth. But your code is now saying this or used to say this, but now says that you should probably update these sets of documents or these facts. I think making the distinction between what what is information you want to last versus something? That is a a record of the of a point in time. I think it's very important. That's fascinating to try and think through that. Let's take a second, talk about our sponsors of today's episode hyperbolic GPU. Cloud delivers, Nvidia h100, that one dollar and forty nine cents per hour, no sales calls commitments, or surprise fees. Spin up, one GPU or scale to thousands in minutes with virtual machines, and bare metal, multi-node clusters featuring high-speed, networking attachable storage and auto top UPS. You only pay for compute when you need. It hyperbolic costs up to 75%. Less than Legacy providers. You need longer runs., get Reserve clusters at predictable rates with instant quotes and fast onboarding. Try hyperbolic h100, power on demand, try it now at app hyperbolic AI in,, the links in the description, let's get back to the show. I've Got a Friend Willem who is working on,, Agents SRE agents,? It feels this is in some ways. The first time that I've thought about, wow, both of these agents. Could be best friends. if the dose of agent is talking with Willems cleric agents and he's trying to root cause and doing more or less the same thing that you're doing, but with root cause analysis and trying to really figure out. Wow, something went wrong or the Whatever something is super saturated and servers are failing around the world, or dated August showing this blah blah blah. And here's why And then it can sync with those who and get, maybe it uses it for knowledge to help reference different things and and do its job better, or win a root cause analysis is made and then something is committed. It's thrown into those who I wonder if you see that as a way that the two agents will play together or do you feel it is something that Dosa will eventually start doing is not there yet., I know, Willem as. It's great. Shout out to them. I, I think you're spot on., we want those who to be other agents best friend.,,, those who can be a knowledge provider for cursor, for cleric because, you're saying, knowledge is really important for root cause investigations in the SRE world. And then importantly,,, you have run books. How do you make sure run books? Don't go out of sync and go stale because the worst thing you could do is give cleric a run book, that isn't correct. And then it's going off and doing something that it shouldn't be or that used to be true and it's confused. And, one of the things,, I have. I was also a question that I had in my mind is, how are you making sure that you're giving the most relevant information? Is it that you're looking for the most recent? Because sometimes, maybe the most recent isn't the thing that is the most relevant or I guess it's maybe not as necessary to say relevant because that's more of a search Problem. But if you want to update information, how are you going about updating it and saying this is the source of treatment now?, I think the way we approach it, there's a search element to it but the I think that there's an interesting,, comparison between search and documentation where you can almost think of documentation is a knowledge cache. And in some ways where someone's done the searches, they have compiled the information and then they've written it down. you don't have to do those searches again. And the way we think about it is when we are learning when doses, learning about a topic or,, that from book is associated with, we are trying to keep that topic as a source of Truth documents. we're, as, conversations are happening, we are reflecting those pieces back into the document and as long as you can find the relevant document, you can trust., it's correct if that makes sense. you don't have to go through the of searching through slack or all these other document. To try figure out,, this one happened three months ago and they said this but then this was one month ago but then they said this again.. Been that feels the headache but sorry, I cut you off from., you're now other agents best friends and it makes complete sense cursor, does much better if it gets given. I imagine these stuff that those who can feed to it., exactly. And I think there's interesting things where,, if you think about how agents are probably gonna become, the majority consumer of documentation, if they're not there already, they might be in the coding domain. Where,, again the format of docs,, how you think about docs starts to change the apis, you might want to expose also change. I think an interesting thing I think a big challenge at least in our notion or on projects that I've worked on is information. Hierarchy is also really hard to do and in traditional documentation knowledge, bases, but maybe don't matter as much in the world where you have agents being the main consumers of information and maybe there's a better experience that we can build around how information is organized for the more Discovery modality because that is when it's useful to see everything laid out because you're trying to,, figure things out. You're trying to learn, maybe you don't have a question yet, it's fascinating., information hierarchy is such a headache, and I can't tell you how many docs I have lost because they were nested inside of 10, other dogs. this happened to me the other day and I was frustrated. I'm where the hell is that database? I know it's around here somewhere and I couldn't find it and I used all the key Search terms that I thought I would have called it but since I haven't referenced it for a year, I had no idea and it was going off a feeling of I think it was somewhere in here and then spent too much time on it and eventually gave up., I think there's I think there's some interesting experience that we haven't built but I think,, I would imagine where do you think about, documentation? There's two modalities for it. Really is how we think. There's the you want an answer. And you have a question, you want to answer search Chat is pretty good for that. The other side is, you are,, new to something and you're trying to explore,, what is possible? How should I be thinking about things? And that's where it's really nice to have that direct restructure, you poke through. And I wonder if there's some more generative experience there on the learning side to be built out of, hey, maybe you can visualize your knowledge this way and you can be guided through it and a specific way, that's even better than, our traditional docks hierarchy we have today., it makes me think about those onboarding experiences being much more custom and much more tailored to the way that you to learn. And then, You can be. Getting exactly what you're talking about, where I want to see it this way. Or I really want to know what are the main principles that we're working off of and you don't have to go and click through the start here, read me, or watch this video, or this Loom, this, somebody put together a few months ago or years ago. Exactly., what else do we want to hit on? Is there anything else that For you specifically. Is really? Top of mind. I think one piece that we we touched a bit on knowledge maintenance, but I do think it's really worth. I emphasizing that it's something that humans aren't it's a not a job for humans. I think maintaining knowledge is the effort to do that to be able to monitor all the different changes conversations, happening organization reflect that in documentation is near impossible., some organizations have technical writers that their job is to try to keep up and distill,, what is important from all the activity and then make sure that's reflected. But even then, it's very, very hard to keep up. But for llms or AI monitoring all these changes and then,, doing an analysis of how this impacts your current state of knowledge is a much more straightforward routine operation. it can. And I'm, very excited about,, what are the implications of that of when you can have knowledge that you trust? And that things are always up-to-date, I don't know. I think it's something that is really built for machines that has only been possible as of recently., it feels it really low hanging fruit that you probably already do is giving executive summaries of, here's the changes that happen last week, or on, whatever the Cadence is that the person is looking for, hey, here's everything that you should be in the loop on and you can almost subscribe to.. I want to know all the stuff that's happening, that I can have one eye on that, and make sure if I can be valuable, I can throw in my two cents too., that's an interesting one. We haven't explored Marshalls the interplay., I want to be aware of changes as an expert to know when I should also be involved as, or as a saboteur and be, no, we're not doing that. total block on everything. But, I think that that is a fascinating piece.,, how you have the Ability to watch when things happen,? As there's repos or whatever, I can be lurking in the background and recognizing when things are going on. I also, as I was thinking about that, I was thinking through how specifically you're going about evals because it feels you can. In a way, get a lot of signal from people. if a PR is merged or if there's We talked through all these different. Areas that your touching on. Which can give you a ton of different signals and ways to evaluate if the agent is correct or it's, it's doing what it needs to do. Have you found that certain Signals should be weighted more than others. emails,, always top of mind for us I do think you're saying we're pretty fortunate in that unlike maybe,, Chachi PT where it's very one-on-one interaction because we're operating in public Forums on repositories where PRS are merged. There's usually truth and that helps us get signal as to how we're doing when we make mistakes something that we've been doing recently that I think is cool and is dog, fooding, our product and how we are doing evals. And we're calling internally,, living evals in that.,, at the end of the day,, if we run the agent and someone has a question or an issue, you produce an answer or a document and that question and the answer is a piece of knowledge. And, can we save answers that,, from that users have asked And then try to text when our answers on the eval side has gotten out of date and that way we can keep instead of having to before what we were doing is we were saving a version of every data set for that specific point in time where someone asked a question and that works, but it's a lot of operational overhead and wouldn't be nice if that we could save evals as they are today and only when relevant pieces of information changed, do we have to update that eval? And we're very early in this process but I'm, I'm excited about it because it reduces the friction of us collecting evals a ton and then we also get signal in the product side as. It's it's a great way to save. It's it's reminds me of,, the best Engineers. I know are lazy. And this feels that's no shade to you. It's the smart way to do it is to think how can I make sure that we don't have to do this all the time? How can we take? It's almost, are you thinking about it in a way of taking the Delta of?,, this change. we need to update our eval set on that part. exactly. It's if you think about an answer as a document or a knowledge artifact, our job should be a user saves this question answered pair as a thing to our knowledge base that is a good eval until, that document goes stale. And then can we update that eval or should be prune it from the knowledge base? How are you seeing folks want to? to deploy this inside of the companies, I imagine you get a lot of data on what Integrations they want and there's probably, Us the 80/20 principle where?, we gotta have jira, we gotta have GitHub and we got to have slack. That's probably the stack that I would imagine majority of folks run with but, Do you see folks that want to have those who then deployed in their private Cloud because documentation is? It's the Special Sauce in a way. Yes, security is top of mind for us., we're talking to compliant, but now, those who is SAS product,, go to great things to make sure hospitals, partition multi-tenant, but and currently don't offer sell posting at least out of the box. I think,, we're willing to work with customers on it because of the sensitivity of knowledge. On the integration side. I think that's,, it is a long tail, the way we think about it is that. The core of what we want is, we need code, commits conversations, and tickets, and documentation is the, the key Integrations. And Confluence notion jira linear, slack teams Discord, GitHub cover, majority of people. But then there is a really long tail of information that lives in other places that people want access to and something that we've been exploring is, when does it make sense for a data source to be something that we need a formal integration with versus something where we can do more in time authentication?, where,, someone gives do Suey access token on their behalf to go and look at,, maybe the logs and this service because or this private internal thing as long as it's, I was to compliant, we're trying to figure out,, maybe there's a way for,, first party Integrations but then a long tail,, people authorizing those who to do in time access., it's funny. How email is not in there at all. nobody's figuring out their documentation on email. It's true because email,, maybe it's some companies, but most the companies will work with, email is,, it's a lot more. We really focus on, the product and Engineering domain, and a lot of those conversations are happening in share channels, or on PR reviews less. in more formal back and forth on emails., it's it's email is externally facing and all of the slacks and the discords or teams or whatever it may be are internally facing. And, You wouldn't. You wouldn't expect email to be that. I'm wanting to ask about. it the and we don't have to specifically call out clean, but we can talk about a different ways that Knowledge, sprawl happens. and we're talking about, knowledge multiplying. And how complex things get, every time you add a new employee, every time you add a new service, every time you add a new feature, that knowledge sprawled, continues to happen. And it's not Anybody ever comes and says we have less documentation this year than last year, I think that's the same with data nobody ever comes and says, great news last year we only had or we had this data sprawl now, we were managed to get it in order and we don't have as much data this year. You've got a vision for a flywheel of data that you talked about. I think that there's other folks that are trying to go about it and say, look date, Data slash documentation is messy. Let's find the best ways to join the mess or give you access to the mess. You're taking a bit of a different approach, can you walk through that Vision?. I think now how do we deal with knowledge sprawl or what happens as an organization grows and the answer ends up being something search which is we and that's what you see is. People are building better and better tools for sifting through this knowledge and trying to,, let people reason about what is truth or or agents to reason about what is truth but I think if we look forward into a world where you have companies that are started with llms and AI first tools for Knowledge Management. You can imagine where you have a store of knowledge that is source of truth that grows with you and you don't end up in the same situ Vision where,, you have six copies of a similar document, and you're not really sure which one is truth, and you have to go ping. The authors to say, hey,, did this is this still true? You can have a system that is doing that for you in real time, as you scale. And I think that this is true,, at least in our view of the world this can be true for product and Engineering knowledge or at least where you have a system of record. code is a really really good system of record. And maybe you can extend the analogy to other types of system, records, internally where,, they are truth. And you can monitor changes on those and reflect those back into the knowledge base. But unless you have a digital system of record, it's really hard to reconcile things. there's still going to be meeting notes and, other types of documents that might be floating around, but certain types of knowledge,,, how to our product work. I think there should always be A very clear answer. Do you? all, Think about the difference is between internal and external documentation. Yes, it comes up a lot. The I think internal there are some interesting differences today and I don't know how it's going to be in the future. today,, I think the big difference between internal external docs is external. Docs is usually a representation of your product. It should be very polished as your brand,, style tone these little details, really matter versus internal knowledge. It's really about, does it exist? And is it correct? And can I find it? And, and also, the topics they cover are different,, external docs are very focused on user-facing. What users want to do with the product internally? You want to know all the messy stuff. Oh, you want to know why?, why do we have this hacky code or why can't we handle this integration,, or, what should I not do to break the product,? Those things are not going to be pretty publicly facing but are really important for internal collaboration and communication for people to do roadmapping. Effectively It in the future.. Oh, sorry to interrupt but this makes me think about one of those stories that you hear. It's one of the horror stories of an engineer sifting through the documentation is trying to figure out how to optimize or refract or something and gets to this,, this this function. It's, why do we need this function? We do not need this function and there's only one comment above it. That says, do not ever change this function, you will deeply regret it and they're, whatever they go and they say it doesn't do anything. I'm getting rid of it and they delete the whole thing and they come back and they realize they crash the whole product, whatever. And they recognize that it was them that put that comment, five years ago or whatever, and they It the real story is even funnier because I think the language they use is very colorful and it's almost wouldn't it be great if in those comments you can have a link to the slack conversation or the area that it was decided on in the actual documentation on how that was decided that that happened, or maybe it's a link to the last outage of the person that tried to get rid of that function, whatever. It's made me think of that. But sorry. I cut you off. No, exactly. I think, that's the great example of,, Machines can have better memory than humans,? I, I could totally see myself doing something that, where,, made a change everything broke. And I was,, never do this again. No links in the comments to get planes, buried far deep, you can't find it and then you repeat the same thing. And then all the sudden, all the memories come back to you, oh my God, I can't believe I did that again. And,, Up with alums both making the connections for us and helping think disparate conversations or reviews back to code and making that really, really accessible. Hopefully, we can avoid that. I also think there's a piece of interesting about knowledge continuity there too. Where it's that I think examples funny because it's, same engineer doing the same thing, five years later, but more often. It's that engineer leaves after four years., and then there's a lot of Engineers that were looking at that code being, can we delete it? We don't know,, Sarah left and no one knows what happens if this is deleted and someone's I'm gonna try it and then,, the cycle continues and I think that as we have better, we make it easier for people to get their knowledge, in the store and that store is kept up to date. I think you can have better continuity as people come and go from companies and communities that can help them be Long or living, over time.