there's a ton of value there that I think the industry is starting to explore and how they. Diversify the requests more efficiently use resources. That starts with some form of essentialized Gateway and some semblance of control as to how these requests are being made. And if everything is sporadic and every team is using a different model and you have no idea those an end goals won't be you can't accomplish them. What's the obsession with Point Break? It's one of the greatest movies ever. I don't think I need to. I don't think he did defend Point Break by any means., great. Pure surfing scenes peek Patrick. Swayze some great philosophical elements. Kathryn Bigelow's, Debut movie. Leading into a fantastic career. All the above. Love that movie. And Kiara Anything with counter is worth. Floors and very true. The reason I say that is because you mentioned that you've seen Point Break over 283 times, I think not, but, her rough estimate. I think I would probably say I'm the same way for The Big Lebowski Oh,. I can't tell you how many times I quote that movie. weekly or I send people memes when or gifts when I'm, that's your opinion man. I feel you on that, that is crazy. anyway, man, we're gonna get into everything about The Enterprise and their adoption of AI. I think it's timely because we all seen the headline of 95% of AI initiatives in the Enterprise are doomed to fail. And it reminds me for anybody who's been in and the Ops for longer than a few years back in the day. When we said that stat, that either Gardener said or somebody said once and every single company quoted it on their website 80% of all data science initiatives are do not make it into production and everybody put but if you use our tool you will make it into production that was the marketing speak. Now you you remember that one? I think we had it in in one of our, our intro slides for quack, the previous product that I was working for.. Absolutely. And it was true, I don't know. That was in general, I talked to a lot of customers and Prospects and when you ask them, how is your ml environment? How is it going? maybe 10% say it's in a good State we understand what we're doing but more often than not it's it's generally stitched together, barely holding on for dear life and but that's the on the traditional side, I think with gender of a it's switched into now everybody's in production with it or what they consider production, but it's a different Type of development that's taking place., different production,? I was talking to a buddy who works at one of these big fintech companies and he said,, it's super easy. We whenever we can Outsource all of the infrastructure worries to open AI.. And,, I think for certain implementations certain services that works, but, I think there's a fundamental shift happening between how data science and data science, teams were originally defined as Their own little sector of an organization that,, maybe see sweet through some money at them and they're experimenting with projects for a few years, getting a few ideas, maybe they get something that works, but it's not necessarily taking seriously, as a part of the engineering or strictly enforced from devops standards infrastructure standards. And, now you're seeing that change with again. Now, they're getting things into production and now the rest of the organization backend teams, front end teams are starting to adopt AI services. where there's a bit of a disconnect in terms of,, they had not traditionally treated their services in a production way with Tests multiple development environments. all those things, you ask data scientists that they're doing it and they jump scare a little bit. But as all these services start getting incorporated into more traditional engineering environments, they're going to be need to be treated with a higher level scrutiny. Then what's the norm currently? what? I was thinking about this week and it was for the swamp up, talk that I'm giving them thinking oh, what is some stuff that I can mention? Has changed over the last year and I was trying to figure out what the different developments Cycles are, when it comes to predictive ml versus this new generative, Ai workflows. And I'm Qualifying generative AI is almost image video generation. And then the Other stuff I would say is agentic development and the life cycle there because I think you probably have rag that fits in there somewhere, but most people are trying to do things, agentic more than rag. I think these days because rag Hit. I don't know if it hit a plateau or if it became something that was a whole lot of squeeze for the juice that you were getting. And maybe you've seen different life cycles or you've seen different thoughts on on that., I don't know. I think with a lot of the organizations I talked to maybe it's they're not throwing a I think a lot of them are still doing rag. services, not throwing as much of the rag label on it where I almost think of additional context is become the norm. Maybe that coincided with the vectors store boom and bust where everybody was looking and building Vector stores and then PG Vector comes out and every database has some for a vector search now and that got, democratized and open source but, I think In terms of the development lifecycle, it really varies. And I think that's indicative of The wide degree of skill. technical Acumen implementation in the data, science Industry,, from low end of the spectrum of the automl Click, Debs not writing a line of code or a now, looking into more of the vibe code world to the opposite. End of that. The Opening eyes and the anthropics were fine-tuning massive foundational models. Those are two, all those environments. Look drastically different even in the middle there in terms of how teams are Thinking about development or thinking about the Safeguard. for a lot of organizations, it's I don't say it's deploying into production, but I don't know if there's that many steps before getting into production, I think a lot of it is a bit of trial and error and trying out agentic services, almost a Lambda function or serverless function and, it's working. Great. And then we'll figure it out when it breaks, but not necessarily developing this massive framework around failsafe and testing and what happens when this tweak is made to a model and it changes., it's almost, in your eyes, the Path to production has been short cutted in a way., where I don't think that. because it's easy to get things into production and it's still relatively new. I still,, there aren't as much in terms of standards that exist or being developed that. Teams know to follow when it comes to development and deployment. I don't know if that's necessarily for to a degree I think there's a sector of the developers who have never been exposed to a more sophisticated, style of sophisticated bad word. But more, Legacy form of software development. but I think something will emerge in terms of patterns, and, it's developing environments. That will be, that will look up a bit more., what we're used to, and the sdlc of,, last five, ten years. It's new and it's still being developed. And Teams need to experience the Pains of failing services and not having tests written until they,, decided that there's a better path.. Wait Gemini. And Claude can't write all my tests for me. What's going on here?, they can, they somebody has to run those tests and then they have to look at the results of the test and then fix them. That's the that's the part where, it takes a little bit more effort that teams have to put in but all of these And it's one thing that's consistent in computer science and software engineering. Is that foundations and principles reemerge in the same way that event sourcing was hot five years ago and those are patterns that were developed and written in the 90s. And as more,, computes scales and new patterns become possible and old ideas re-emerge. I'm sure, I said, it's a temporary thing but we're starting to see more organizations look at it., Regular software, I would say., because that begs the question. Do you see these environments becoming a whole different thing or is it bringing the old ways to what is new?. And I think That's,, the the product that seam that I'm working on, that's a big thesis that we have is that they are many organizations because of what I was mentioning earlier data science teams, existed in a vacuum. They weren't necessarily following the same devops standards or practices. Now as those AI Services go from, cool, little feature that created a dashboard. That somebody might look at to very core fundamental Services. You're not going to be able to have one, two different pipelines for managing, the rest of your organization software and then your ml applications doesn't make sense. Functionally, and then all. from a security perspective, from a governance perspective, from a legal perspective, those can't exist as, we can projects that are running in production, they need to have the same level of scrutiny or will start to see huge vulnerabilities and hacks and production which I'm sure is on the horizon either way but I think coming to a maturity point and realizing that they will need to be treated at the same level of scrutiny and we it's easier to have them managed under one process and there's another piece that I want to hit on with you which is how Adopting specifically open source llms. Is at the Enterprise level. And what that looks, what you need the resources that you have to throw at it and where there's challenges that you've seen., it's really interesting. And I would say, a complicated problem for a lot of Enterprises. Large companies., I would say on the whole of the portion, 500 or big tech companies that I talked to everybody is using open AI or anthropic to some degree that that wave has passed. I would say, most organizations went Full Force into adopting, those managed llm providers to some degree. And I think all of them see on the horizon., either costs accelerating distrust of providers from competitive landscape or a data privacy landscape or a desire to have an open source shop and we want to find an open source Alternatives. I think everybody is forward looking to And also the conversion. it say of as open source models get better and better and starting to reach that plot. they I think long-term want to have a large presence with open source llms in their environment and they want to allow their developers and teams to freely build. But the problem is Most organizations can't allow their teams to build deep seek the day after it gets built. In fact, most of those organizations their main concern when deep seat comes out is how do I block it from every single computer? And it's not from,, the Perspective that you would see on Twitter, the news of,, CCP stealing your data or something that. It's more of, from a licensing perspective. From a governance perspective,, even with licensing, it's really interesting. We speak to companies all the time that spend,, a great deal effort deciding which licenses they can adhere to or follow. But it's hard to keep track of those licenses hunting for as you start pulling and playing around with random fine-tuning of any of the big models that might flip that license or switch it. Now it's a larger legal question as to Do we follow the original models license. We follow Joe schmoes. New license. All this,, very, very mundane stuff. That is not the, the sexy Vibe, code set the you see on Twitter. But the real problems that I think prohibit, Development now. organizations are, and leading into the security element as hugging face is gotten. any other open source package provider flooded, with a lot of that models?, I work for jfrog. We have a, our own dedicated research team, and we've done a lot of work. We scan hugging face models. Several times a day and our results are often put into the hugging face console. And we're seeing I think the rate of models growing on hugging faces five times month over month, three over here. something that and the rate of vulnerabilities is increasing by seven times and I guess any other package provider going after misspelling or even going. As far as fine-tuning models and including exploits, reverse shells. It's any other piece of software, but the delivery mechanism through,, it seems friendly and easy to pull into your environment and easy to deploy into production. And that's that's the problem here is that, these large Enterprise is recognize all of this but they can't they need to have some degree of certainty with these open source models with the power and flexibility that they have. That they are not,, exposing their teams. And they can Safely. Allow them to build a little detour. I download a hugging face model and it is compromised. You're taught, you're not talking its data poisoned or there's something that is hiding in the latent. Space of the model, you're talking the actual package that I pull from hugging face then. Is a virus that gets Unleashed on my computer. Could be opening a shell and then sending out your your keys or something that. Sending out your GitHub key, that's one example. But, that and it comes, it could be in the The code itself of the model or it could be an any of the packages that they're using. it's important to I think scan for both. because,, but again, it's traditional software, you're gonna scan your Docker images. You want to scan your your pit packages, your content environment, whatever or poetry, whatever you're using, or JDM any of them. But, both did exist and we see instances and examples of both. that's. I think that's one aspect is,, many organizations teams. They see the long-term benefit of these models. They see the cost benefits of these models, but they need to shrink the The marketplace a little bit shrink what is available to maybe instead of thousands hundreds of thousands models and hugging face to maybe five, maybe ten that there are certain work that still because of generated by I, they had the flexibility to be able to implement many different workflows. But shrinking that down a bit and not letting developers,, go directly to a Huggy phase or a llama, any of us., largely model providers. Having a proxy or middleman at least that they're not going directly to the source because it's it's that easy to pull in something malicious. That is fascinating, you mention? Because I have seen a fair amount of questions pop up on the mlops community slack, hey, what is an alternative hugging face? My company doesn't let me use hugging face or and the way that it's generally framed in the slack questions is oh my company. old school that they won't even add support to hugging face. But now seeing it from your side, it's, oh maybe the company is forward thinking in a way or they know what., it's it's a bit of both., I'm sure. There's, one there isn't really a place now to get my models out of, besides the more Traditional machine learning, libraries the for the tensorflow's, the pie torches of the world. You can get some models from GitHub, but, hugging faces the marketplace now for it and I agree. It's both antiquated and also., it's safe. It makes sense when you think about it and also, again looking at the The developers that are pulling those models., it's not. A wild statement to say data scientists, don't really care about security data folk. It's not even, there are definitely some that are that are concerned with that, but it is not top of Mind by any means. I think guardrails are really important especially as more and more models keep coming out., it's the double-edged sword. What makes hugging face amazing is the ability for anybody to go and add their model to hugging face. But then what makes it Absolutely crazy. As far as security vulnerabilities, is anybody can add anything on there?, and again, it doesn't even have to be., I feel one of the most common forms of, entry for malicious packages. It's misspelling,, panda with a oh, or something that, or Spa,, swapping out a letter. And that's, that's all it takes for. You're not even, you're not even realizing that you're pulling in something bad. Happens all the time., trying to add. some a proxy, some a curated list of models that have been reviewed have been allowed do follow our organizations, legal and governance, and then also having a someone of a Metadata record of these these events taking place. Keeping track of the model cars that are being used from hugging face. We call it an ml bomb, but it's really,, a metadata stamp that has all the environments that were used., the same tensor files that were used. That's really, I would say purely for thinking, is there a ton of benefit or values that today? No. But if a lawsuit comes out a year to down the road, and you need to figure out all of the relevant information around a training or a security leak happens, and you need to go back and figure out what happened. It's helpful to have those things in some form of a registry a central location that you can easily audit versus having to go,, dive through developer notebooks and Do that hunt., and you're saying something where it's, oh, New York Times is soon. Open, AI type of lawsuit or not? That's the most extreme case. But, it's I think,, have being prepared for those events and having the relevant metadata. give in the flexibility and the power these models, how extendable they are. I think that's, that's one of the more important governance perspective. You need to have as, we don't know how this will be used a new trend emerges in six months that completely throws out Ai and has the new pattern for development, but we do want that metadata to exist somewhere. and,, or at least one the license is start getting enforce. And then teams have to,, really care about that stuff or limit the types of models you're using. Similarly, another problem that we've heard from a lot of our customers and something that we're releasing a bear in the air. J frog, stores a lot of organizations artifacts in code. We hear people saying, For similar purposes. We need to keep track governance. We need to keep track of licenses, we have no idea where generative AI is being used in our organization. They do and because teams have pip install open AI start using the models. that's one thing that we've been working on is going through your whole organizations code base and detecting. All, here all the instances where this is being used. Let's generate some of that metadata for for regulated Industries. If Wall comes out next month that says any Financial companies need to have a specific list of auditing requirements related to any applications using generative AI or they ban generative. AI with specific, human use cases, whatever it might be. It's important to know where those applications exist, where those packages are being used. Also for vulnerabilities purposes, more and more applications to start using Open SDK Cloud, SDK, and something happens. You would want to know where everything has been distributed?, I know I've talked to folks about this, when it comes to Auditing. How AI is being used throughout the workforce and one person that I spoke to said I got done. I think they were in a data governance role and they were expecting to find maybe 12 to 20 uses of generative Ai and they found over 90. I think they're, oh my God, I would have never have guessed but then you can also take it a step further and say because you're you're really talking about the stuff that you can see in the code base or this stuff that did developers are doing. But what about the marketers that are using that new shining marketing tool? That helps you write copy and you send all of your positioning documents to that. SAS tool and that is using generative AI on the background., does that count?, from a governance perspective. Now, there's these third-party SAS tools that are using Ai and how do you qualify them too?, that's a great point in a whole other Pandora's Box if that needs to be, categorizing classified as., we're focusing on Purely, the code but the example that you highlighted is exactly what we're hearing and seeing, it's, it's already out of the box, it's everywhere, and it's only going to keep showing up everywhere. Not only, from a development perspective, everybody is using some form of code gen tools at this point and then the actual models themselves, I think, we anticipate in three to five years, it'll pretty much be any any service will have some component of Generative developments.. keeping track of Everywhere it's been used. I think that's the the important perspective. having some a framework there and, treating it Any other?, application or service, that's the, it's a low bar, but it's important. And I think it's,, you see these very diverging paths in development and it almost feels in many ways the larger Enterprise organizations, I talked to are speaking a different language of AI, then the startups of the world or the anything coming out of white calm day, or, it's truly two completely different Pathways two different focuses and two different concerns. that I feel often get Blended together. and people are looking for AI tools ways to improve their AI developing experience. but, it's there's, there's Two very different Pathways emerging that do require two different sets of solutions. And those Solutions are ultimately serving an AI purpose. But it's very different than I think the the mlops landscape of five years ago. Where I think everybody was more or less,, on the same page, to a degree but yes suffering together in trying to get those damn jupyter. Notebooks into production., which is still a problem., I think team still have a hard time doing that but, you don't have the same., the startups should have the same security concerns but we've all been in a startup where everybody has AWS console access and we'll figure that out next round or after we get the next customer to sign, it's that's understandable. But it's, it is two different sets of concerns... It's almost pmf, trumps everything and you're building that organizational debt. Because you need to find pmf When you're at the startup and if you're at the Enterprise you really have to think about all of these key concerns since you have a lot to lose when you're at a startup, you don't have as much to lose and, whatever you can play fast and loose., and the cost of an exploit or vulnerability is,, tremendous for Enterprises when it comes to Not only remediating the code but auditing doing full and investigations autopsies of every,, path that they could have been touched by it. It's a and that is how Enterprises are thinking when they're looking at different tools adopted from platforms to adopt because, they have to be concerned.. It sounds a headache. Even in that Glimpse that you give me?, I think one other aspect of that the open source that's interesting or a lot of a big motivation for a lot of organizations that want to adopt open source development is on Prem development or air gap environments. That is. Still, and again, this isn't in the The most pressing technology or bleeding edge. But there's still many organizations that have massive on Prem clusters that will have massive on Prem clusters that have moved stuff out of the cloud. It's not going in a way, and it's this neglected. Portion of the industry that doesn't get a ton of attention, but is massive. trying to find solutions for Defense industry that?, they want to use open source models as. They don't, they also can't a lot of instances used in open AI use anthropic because the or maybe they can. But those are large decisions that are made at the top level heavily negotiated they would love to start implementing gen AI a bit easier and they're trying to find ways to do that with open source. You did say some I want to go back to it was on the. Trying to sniff out all the places that AI is being used. And if you're in that governance position, how hard that is and how cumbersome it can be and then know it's it's, it is a problem. That's, I think,, previously you're not necessarily concerned with Where is being used in my organization?, that's an interesting question but what value does that really gave her dictate whereas, not only from a commercial standpoint, you're negotiating a deal with openai. I am sure, they can give you the, top dollar amount but you want to understand where it's being used. It's easy. To implement any of these services. That it there isn't always a clear auditing log you could, there's tools that can Go through your entire code base and get Hub and detect these types of things but I think that's one reason why? Jfrog has a unique offering here and being able to, because B Store a lot of organizations binary codes. we can in our scanning processes, go through and detect where those packages are being used where those libraries are imported and then provide a mechanism of Creating guard rails or some a Administration system. Also providing a Gateway type feature, where you can, limit access to models limit. Who's calling models, I think again, going and the delivery mechanism of how most these models are being pulled into. Products and services. It makes it very easy to sneak in., especially because you can almost go around it too and I'm doing it in my CLI but then I can go to the website and maybe I'm using,, five different ones. And, I have I'm paying for Claude code now. I'm also paying for Gemini and I'm, I've got cursor set up. I've got amp and all of these different ones I'm using in some way, shape, or form. but, Maybe it's not always the same. It's not a vs code plug-in that I'm using, I am going to Gemini directly on their website and talking to it or try to be or whatever it may be. And maybe we have the Enterprise version or maybe it's me using the free version. Hopefully people aren't doing that but,, that there's going to be people that 100% are., either to test out a new model, I'm sure that's, probably a challenging point for a lot of teams you're not getting something to work and then 05 comes out and you're maybe it'll work. Chesapeake 25.05. but that, it's a good point of, how do you control those gateways? Again, It ultimately comes down to, you need to block off access to The chat tvt host in your organization, there has to be one Gateway or one pathway. I think all that does come down to yes, some a Gateway that each organization manages maintains on their own, has some form of a security,, user model where they're determining who can have access to certain models. Also, from a cost perspective,, you don't want to be giving SQL analysts access to the PHD level models. We don't need that, maybe something but But, putting the costs are that's a whole other thing and I think there's a lot of really cool companies and products that are focusing on that. but, I think controlling Andrew point is the the one of the main feces that we have of What creates a framework that will be scalable lasting and secure moving forward and can hopefully anticipate. some of the different changes that might happen in the industry but you're you're almost bottlenecking via the, if they're using the Wi-Fi of work, or if it's the company computer because I can still see people inadvertently being, Oh damn, I can't reach chat GPT on this computer but if I bring my personal computer to work, I can still get to it when I need those questions answered that it won't let me answer., it's that that's Highway in the difference is between yes startups and Enterprise is Enterprise is no that's a very standard thing that specific hosts. even back in the day Certain content websites or blocked from your work machine. Robbie is purposes. It's all capable. It's all pretty easy to do. But, that's, that's how we see it. And I think a lot of other also, some cool tools that have seen coming out of,,, not even also functionally creating Oh I'm gateways that will allow you to really easily swap out models, direct requests to cheaper models. If there's a intermediate model they can determine this is a Low complexity use case, let's filter. This to the small language model there's a ton of value there that I think the industry is starting to explore and how they. Diversify the requests more efficiently use resources. That starts with some form of essentialized Gateway and some semblance of control as to how these requests are being made. And if everything is sporadic and every team is using a different model and you have no idea those an end goals won't be you can't accomplish them. Fascinating and building that Gateway. Because I've heard this idea of A Gateway before a few times. I know there's a few companies that are doing it, but it does feel that's going to give the the company, the most control of what is going out and coming in. But, you have to think on various levels, you're not thinking on the level of everything that's going to the research Labs. But what's coming off of hugging face? you were saying and then what are we running locally and are we setting up these smaller models and setting up a platform team? That's going to babysit those smaller models and that's us. Maybe it's on Prem, maybe it's not and How that looks is is completely different. Also, Now. I know that we mentioned before we hit record. The whole evolution of quack and how crack you've been there for a while. It was very ml Ops focused and now it's grown it, joined jfrog. It now is Security Focus. But you're also seeing this type of stuff, on the platform engineering level, the devops level. These folks are tasked with. The AI Platforms in a way, you have almost the conglomerate of ml AI Engineers, devops Engineers data engineers. And that's how you get the platform stood up., what have you been seeing? Since this Evolution took place of mlops to platform maybe is the way that we could call it?. And the segue that you mentioned of those teams managing those small language models that is it's still mlops it's a different type of model, it's a different type of latency and throughput. But at its core it's it it is mlops and it can fit into what organizations have already built for mlops. Maybe they're not spending as much time on, the experimentation portion of that because, unless they're really fine tuning,? They might be,, constructing an image or artifact that they're then going to turn into a service. But you still want all of those core components of mlops, you sophisticated a b testing. That's something that we see a lot with machine learning the Persistence of all of the results data into some easy., easy to access easy format where developers data scientists can query results do drift analysis on those results. all that's still relevant and I would say needed with generative AI, it was with large language models, it can fit into that pattern. I think it's in this trailing way. Everybody forgot about it for two or three years with the excitement of what they could do from a development perspective. And now as they get into,,, maturing these models and services over time, auditing them needing of a system of record. They're realizing we do need,, our llm results, persisted somewhere or Even regulated Industries, we have health care customers that, every single response with generative, AI needs to be persisted somewhere. I think, in terms of the ml Ops industry, I think,, it's a you're deep in it, there's an insane number of Point solutions that I can point Solutions platforms that I could cannot keep track of. And they're,, the ones that fought or fade they're getting replaced by some more solutions that are more generally. I focus but I think at the core All of these organizations are looking for, a platform as standard that will allow them to easily Define workflows in a safe reliable repeatable way. I think that's why you see much,, excitement around, mCP,, mcp's, Not revolutionary from a code perspective but it's it's somebody, defining and saying is a standard that we're going to follow. When it comes to the access of external data sources or data that we can feed to the language model functionality. That type of standardization. I think the whole Market is very hungry for and there's a lot of opportunity for products platforms to Define that and to Increase its use, that's such a good point. That it is, It didn't change it. changed in name. In a way,, the actual practice of ml Ops, didn't change too much. The models got maybe a little bit bigger for a minute and you had to do certain things, but if you were at a certain scale, you probably were already messing around the gpus and you were messing around with trying to make your whatever feature creation feature extraction faster and you needed gpus and you needed to get beefy gpus and then work with networking. But then that became very popular because of the training of llms. And we lost our way or not necessarily lost their way. We got a little bit distracted for a minute and then came back and we were, oh. we still got a deploy, these models somewhere and we still got to make sure that they don't drift and that we can monitor them. And it's 100%. The same problem almost in different clothing.,, completely.,. And,, expanded functionality the models aren't as focused even with,, agent dick workflows there's still way more functionality and possibility than existed with your simple linear regression models but, it's, maybe not the exact same use case of how they're monitoring the data, how they're monitoring these services for testing but a lot of it is the same or it's a different spin on it. And, organizations I think that were that did have mature. Sophisticated mop systems in place. I think are definitely leading the way in terms of what they can do with children of AI and that. at least it's more of a lasting pattern versus, throwing up the ad hoc services without a lot of. Forces or thought?, and it's all certain things got the time that you take on them. disappeared in a way you were saying before, you don't necessarily do all this experimentation unless potentially you're fine-tuning, you're not doing data curation in, unless you're maybe finding but What you are spending more time on is figuring out the prompting and figuring out how that that fits into things. And you're spending more time in different areas but they're They're they rhyme in that regard., and that's that's again, going back to the concept of a Gateway.,, this whole conversation is focused on everything that you can do pre-deployment?, pretty prompt interaction to make sure your code is,, safely securely deployed and then you have the whole everything you mentioned creating guardrails around content prompt injections, make sure the service is doing what you want. That's a whole other separate topic. That a lot of the industry is focused on. I think that all converges with. We should have a centralized Gateway where we can administer these different types of guardrails. We can administer these security policies that we want to enforce., all of it. comes down to, organization standardization some methods, some system that needs to be in place versus, Wild West ad hoc five code, through our services up. It works quickly in the short term but to have the more mature systems there needs to be., some form of a some form of the gate in place, but you're not seeing Enterprises on the services side the infrastructure side of Oh, hey, we're going to spin up gpus or we're going to go in. Contract a new GPU Cloud because we can't get the GPS for the price that we want your as J frog. The gateways that you're talking about. You don't go into that side of the house, do you? We are going to., our the intent of our rebuilt. It's a bit of our mlops platform from the quack days to jfrog Mel's, the new release term, but we're available on all three clouds now and we'll be available on Prem and a few months from now. But the idea would be that you could train On a GPU cluster locally and then deploying to the cloud, which is a common pattern that I hear from a lot of customers., there's been enough boom Cycles with gpus, where many organizations have bought gpus and they are sitting there and it is cost-effective or cheaper for them to go that way rather than with on-demand gpus in the cloud but I think most organizations, an Enterprise scale. Very, it's rare to be limited to a single Cloud at this point., I think the, the default now is usually a combination of clouds, a combination of on-prem and cloud. And there is a desire to be able to seamlessly go through each of those environments without having to completely re-engineer your Machine learning, philosophies, the machine learning practices, being able to yes, switch seamlessly is huge for a lot of teams. What other features and ways have you looked at expanding or evolving? The what was once the quack platform into the now jfrog platform? Where the ml capabilities inside of jfrog or ml /? AI if we're going to get technical,,, a lot of the core mop spot form still exists. We still do and then she letting obstacles. It's really nice. Easy way to deploy models and services. and then everything that we've,, what a lot of this conversations been about focusing on the security aspect, when you trigger machine learning training or build automatically scanning it and applying,, organizational policies around these packages are blocked or these packages are out of date. We only want to use open source packages that have 2000 stars on GitHub or have been updated in the last Six weeks or four weeks, whatever that might be that's what the larger jfrog platform and he go system is about is managing open source. Development at scale for Enterprise and organizations, taking that applying its machine learning, automatically. And that's the idea because we know the data science is machine learning Engineers. They don't really want to worry about security.. Slap it on that are, put the the scans in their face. Make it easy for them to fix. And then we've combining products with jfrog has a cool product called curation that, does what I mentioned. creates you, rule based systems as to what types of packages to developers can pull in from open source? Language is from repositories combining that with,, a really easy way to deploy. LMS,, we've pre-configured the model, it has BLM already built into it where the,, the it manager, security manager, Dev ops manager, at an organization can go and click. I want llama 4, I want deep seek. I want quen. And those models then become available to developers to either pull the artifact or deployed as a service, as as they can control. Who's able to to make requests to that model. And, we're going that AI catalog, and that's it. Also includes a Gateway and some of the detection pieces that I was mentioning earlier about,,, here are all the services that are using open AI. do you want to block them? Is this? Or here's everything using llama 4 or we've determined that we can't use lawn afford an organization level. Now, you can Block those services from being redeployed, and alert teams that they need to fix it. That's it's a where the the product is landed, but we still do all the same mlops stuff that we've been before and have plenty of,, several older customers still using the platform the same way. Yes. it's you thought about all of these different Models that are the popular models and how can you put your stamp of approval on them? that folks have the trust If, I'm gonna use these, I know that it is not the Facebook llama model, which I remember back in the day that people were downloading and they were, no, it was The Meta llama model that you had to get because of the Facebook. One was a, that was a virus.. We do some suggestions that within the platform,, we offer some statistics that show the reliability or the viability of the model. And then, we also provide, again, the rules based framework where you can sort out. If that model,, based on a security scan or based on the number of downloads, we can filter it. it only includes the Models that you want your team where you can go and wait list, select them and that works too,?, creating a Management management. System. And this is also,, we spent the first year after I'm getting acquired into jfrog, talking to a lot of customers and here's what we built. What do you want? And this was the the biggest requests that we got from many customers that were saying we need a management framework a, we need a governance layer., both governance as as. We need to have something in place. We cannot let it that this be the wild west and teams using whatever packages and models. They want, why imagine most folks didn't even have any visibility Not.. And that's that's their. Their initial reaction is when they don't have visibility the the friend that you mentioned they shut off hugging face axis. And that's a temporary fix to or delaying progress,? I think you're ultimately going to be doing a lot of generative development in your organization. You need to find a solution for it. You can't block it off. that's. The and that's many organizations that we talked to that were We'd love to get into this type of development, but until we have something nobody's building. Wow.. And then some More. On this more,, obviously a lot of them are using opening. I still but I think in more limited scope and then, what they're envisioned would be,. It's The using it now, again trying to find the pmf for the products that they're putting out with AI and even if they are at that Enterprise level, I think most folks are trying to experiment with how they're going to fully leverage Ai. And I know that I have some friends at an Enterprise and they are constantly saying I want to know. If it can work before I do anything. the fastest way to know if it works, is to use the best models out there, because if I can't get it to work with the best models, then it doesn't matter if I can get the 7D model running internally fully secure and everything because it's not going to work. I pretty much guarantee that if it doesn't work on the best model is not gonna work on the small model., it highlights that. You're not gonna stop developers from using the best, the newest best. even even when as that Improvement gets more and more marginal if you're stuck on a problem and the new model might solve it.. Why not?. And and it is that though To what you were saying. I try and get it working. But then once it's working and I understand that it can be done with AI, That's when I'm going to try and optimize and I'm gonna make it fast and I'm gonna try and make it cheap and I'm gonna figure out all the ways to make his bulletproof. But let's almost try to figure out how fast we can get it up and running and does it work? All, cool. It looks I'm there and then you have that last mile problem of It, works. I think it could work maybe and then you spend The last 10% of the time, which is way longer than that initial 90% of the time. Trying to figure out the evals or figure out what if you need to do all these different prompt tricks or what are you doing over the tone of one word 90 10% of that point. That might be 80% of the time. it's it's all that development work and again that's I think. And there's many tools to help with that aspect of development. There's many go to Twitter and flooded with examples of people and tricks that stuff is has been discussed is being discussed. And will continue to be. But it is, after that point, what do you do after you get something that's working, how do you turn this into a safe Production? Service? That is going to last, but I do think what you mentioned in terms of portability going back to that Gateway concept. I think that is a should be a very significant Focus for any organization how quickly, functionally can we set about this model, from a cost perspective, from a latency perspective, all of those concerns because we're going to see more and more models that are suitable. For these use cases that have lower resources that have lower parameter counts. And are cheaper.,, might and people everybody spending now pretty. wildly on AI but that won't always be the case and there will be a time when shrinking occurs and people do that to get more optimized, I'm fascinated by the whole product discovery that you did. And you mentioned, when you had that first year, almost, Of. Incorporating or acclimating into jfrog. And you got to go and talk with all their customers and they have a ton of Enterprise customers and figure out what's the story? What's the biggest pain point that folks are looking for in this cross-section of security reliability, machine learning AI can you walk me through a few of the stories of, What were some ideas that you didn't go with what were some things? Or how did you eventually land on what you decided to build?, it is. It is really Interesting, place to be in. I think Jay frog is, almost as ubiquitous as GitHub. we work with I've over 80% of the Fortune 500 or something., 10,000 customers, there's access to way more accounts. you go from the startup perspective where you get a Fortune 500 company on the phone. You're stoked. That is your whole week and what your focus is on, and now you're able to have those more meaningful conversations and I think it's helpful when you have a really our product was great to begin with and we're saying it's,, mlops Solutions still isn't really solved and people are still struggling with it. those pain points, still resonated with a lot of these Enterprises, a lot of them had solve them. All Ops 2 certain degree. They had built something because they had the resources. Over the course of a few years to spend on it to make it functional. But, again, it was asking organizations what, what do you need, where you help, what would be helpful? What would allow you to build more? And, this was the it wasn't too difficult I would say or that much of a Menu of options that we had. It was really get this platform out on all the cloud providers and as, and, and having a flexible on Prem Solution, that's definitely major. One of the major things we heard and then, provide it making open source models easier to deploy and The ensuring more trust in them. One thing that we we did play around more with was, I think on the concepts a little bit before the acquisition, we were focused on creating more rag. Tracing elements are complex dag style, agentic Pipelines. That was one thing that we started building. I think it all did we've had this idea of a Gateway though for quite a while. We weren't looking at it as a startup from a security perspective it was more around. Prompt management. Content, card, rails, those types of that type of functionality, which we still want to implement down the road. Now, we're starting from the security layer and Enterprise layer.