If you use to oh, I have to set up these credentials and those credentials and this Docker container. And and this, I don't know. Firewall Rule, and all these things,? If you use to that and it's something goes, it's spooky, it can be It feels to me, it's feels very spooky. Did I heard some crap? Where, People, if they find treasure it, they have to, give it to Spain because it was insured back in the 1600s and then the boat went under when they were taking it across the ocean. And,, it's rightfully Spain's., there's some interesting things. There is a quart in London, the arbitration court for maritime events. And, and obviously, it precedes international law, but they had a way of dealing with these things way back, when it's still around. It's very fascinating., it's wild. It's,, this hasn't been anybody's for hundreds of years and I did all the work or I got lucky and I found it, but now I got a forfeit that because, ten Generations ago. Somebody's. Took it all the way across the ocean that is. I think, I think some some treasure hunters will keep it quiet,? It'd be, hey,, nothing to see here. It's all about and I found a bracelet. That's it. No go! No! Maybe no., exactly. I think I think this has happened plenty of times that later on people realize that they had been finding stuff and not, oh, and then too late., man, I wanted to mention this to you because you have been on fire since we last talked. We chatted with Jordan and you probably two years ago now, and Jordan was doing my mother duck. You're doing duck DBL, obviously. But Recently, I think in the last three months, it's gone parabolic because of Duck Lake,? That is great. Excellent. here, that's this is our evil plan, finally coming together,? All that quacking.,., they laughed at us now and now we crack at them but, it's it's interesting.,, in a way it is it the Duck Lake is something that does fix a. Architectural. pattern that was problematic with that to be in the pasta. Now it's possible which is if she what? If you have many, many computers trying to access data at the same time. that's that's really for us. This is the exciting part,? It's not much. Oh, we made another format it's great. But more, it's, no, you can now do something with with duct TB. That was very difficult in the past. And this headache. How were you seeing it?, how did you get the inspiration to fix the headache?, that's super interesting. I was in being interviewed about something else know by Joe Joe.. And it was, it was interesting. It was at a conference in Paris, and I was sitting there and we were talking about something unrelated and and then,, you talk about it and it goes Rumble, Grumble, Grumble and and a baby. If you watched the record and you can see the moment where I'm, quiet for a second, but that was, that was the original idea and then we came back and started talking to Mark about it and I wasn't excited about it in the beginning. But what was, oh, they can reach Duck DB or multiple computers? Can't reach it or not. It started from another place, it started from us looking at. the way the industry was heading with the lake house formats and Iceberg and Delta and we and then especially this development to slap a catalog server on top of these things, in order to, be able to deal with multiple tables deal with,, transactional guarantees that that development and we had been watching this and have been a bit really, and And then an anti pattern for you, that isn't it was not an anti-pattern. It was not., there's parts of it that looked an anti pattern but the what was interesting for us was that these these lake house formats. They they were started life as something that lived on object storage only,? And they had and the proponents of the people that designed his former said always said, no, there should not be any Services involved here. This should not be at database. Specifically involved in this needs to be based on the files and then later on. It turned out, that that isn't really possible for many reasons. And then they put these catalog servers on top. But what people forget is that, at the heart of this catalog server is a database., usually postgres, and then, What occurred to me is that if it's already in the syntax in, in the the architecture diagram, we could we might as use it for more things,? And that, that was the original idea,? And that with that idea, I said, hey, let's and there's a drawing somewhere in the office, where I. Scribble the duck., the scripture.. It's I think, I think one of I think Pedro has collected it for more wise., of a future routes or something. But, and I came to this idea and I went to Market and said, hey, look how about this. And and then,, A week later. he comes back and says we need to do this and I was, oh this,, why? And then it was he had realized That. Dad having a setup that with with,, your data files, being an object store, your metadata server, being a database that lives separately from maybe your duct, TB instance with that setup. You can solve them, the multiplayer, use case of duct TV. maybe to explain in inductively, it works a lot sqlite, usually where you have a file, you pointed to the file It does things if you want to change this file. it normal duct TB. Before that click would lock that file. and it's still multi-screen and you can throw multiple parallel queries that it, but one process only could have that file and that created some issues with people that wanted to, I don't know, have multiple computers working on queries. At the same time, these things, but this duck,, that is fixed. Because now there's no limitation on on the amount of computers that can participate in this anymore because there's not a single file. There's a Methodist service and there's files on objects store. Which is a very different setup but it does fix this problem. And that was the That was the realization that market was that that fixes this use case. And that I think for us was to motivation to really push through with it. It wasn't because in general, we don't, we don't really, we're not really setting out to reinvent things that exist.? that's that's not really our especially something surprisingly that has much adoption already an iceberg or. All that stuff is Oh I thought that was solved and then you come out with duck and I'm whoa but It instantly. Did you see it? Catch fire?,. It's it's it's quite amazing. I have to say, from, from this being something we published this. I don't know. A couple of months ago. I don't know. Three months ago.., and from the one, I started getting these enthusiastic emails from people people normally To explain normally, I don't get a lot of emails from the random people on the internet,? that, this is not a thing. But it's started this these emails started coming this is amazing, this is all Manson and forth and I thought, oh, that's interesting, and and what is what? I think, what surprised me more was that., at this point, we are duck,, 0.2. Write the fairly low version number. It should be clear to everyone that this is fairly early stage stuff,?, but we are already talking to several several organizations that are running. This in production are perfectly happy,? And I'm. I'm this is the took duck to be years to get to that point of adoption where people would bet the farm on it,? If you want. But but then that for this to happen within a month or two for Duck Lake that was pretty crazy. That signals to me that either. They Already had the trust because of duck DB and they were more willing to do that or the pain was great that this solved they instantly jumped on it. Do you have an intuition of which one it is?, I think they have a definitely. Some duck DB people that saw this. As I said as something that fixes something in the in the setup for them. But I think what, I see what, what is this in my impression, what I see more is that People look at the architecture and they get it. It's it's you can intuitively understand the architecture of ducklake. It's fairly straightforward. Have your Object Store if you met a store. And then,, you talk to these things. And it's it's not it's not 15 hops of XML RPC? Or I don't know,, there's there's not there's not, there's no, there's no, there's no Json involved, there is there is There's, there's these two things and people know how to talk to databases. People have been talking to databases for 50 years. People know how to talk to objects stores. It's I think the first service that Amazon,, pushed out ever,? It wasn't called this three. But, I think I heard that. I feel storage was Lobster. It was easy to ore Street, one of the two other member, and, and people know how to talk to blob storage,? it is, it is in a way these It's, I think also something that we really here at Dr. B Labs is We strive for Simplicity in design,? anything. Anything is anything, anything we look we look at everything and say. this this is this. Does it,, does it have to be this is? Can it be simplified? Can we rip it in half? And maybe it's We have, we have a very, very strong, sense of Aesthetics in in design of software. And and at least that's my impression and I think it's shared within our team and and, that's why. When when we started thinking about what Duck Lake should look, it was clear, it needs to be absolutely minimal and It's,, an Apple product if you want.. In a very in a much ugliest space, I fully admit. But it's, it's it has not something I really always gets to me, but there's one, there's one thing where at Apple where they show a TV remote And it has 100s, and it's ugly as hell. And, and then they show the, I think at the time it was the, the I booked remote, there was a thing at some point. Remember that they definitely have had a few remotes and it has one one button and the circle around it and they showed his next to each other. It was maybe Apple TV, maybe it was Apple TV. Doesn't matter. And you look at that and you think, yes, obviously, this is the one I want and that's how we look at technology,?, absolutely needs to be. It needs to be. You need to be able to look at it and say, yes, this is this is the way it has to be and it's also to protect ourselves. we are not smarter people or anything that, we need to understand the stuff we're building. if it's simple, it's simple, it's easy,? It's, it's It's I think that's how this design came about, and it's, it's, it's worked out also in the beginning. Who knows? You think? Oh, this could work and then you you go half a year into developing it and you end up with something that you can maybe run a test on in the go.,,. It's not quite how I had it in my head but I guess it works. no, no, it worked the way we had in mind. That was know that it did work it. We were amazed when it it's I think using duck I don't know if you had a chance of playing with it yet, but it's I I feel it's always spooky., because it's it's very easy to get up and running you installed up to be.. That's generally easy to do. You have to type, install Duck Lake in your duct tape shell. And then that's and then you can start using boom. And that's, it's spooky,? If you use to oh, I have to set up these credentials and those credentials and this Docker container. And and this, I don't know. Firewall Rule, and all these things,? If you used to that and it's something goes,, I've done it. It's it's spooky it catches, it feels to me. It feels very spooky.. You don't trust it because it's almost too easy. It's it's too easy. When we try our stuff,? we tried and we go oh there's no way this did something,? This was I expected is to to scream at me or something but it it would not it really is it really is interesting to, I find it really fun to interact with myself. It's also something we care about,? At database, developers. Usually don't Get to use that stuff themselves. And it's there's a bit of a disconnect between users and and Developers. And we really think that. We really try to use our own stuff that's say. Over time companies tend to or projects in general tend to get more requests from users and then they bloat and I think that you have done a really good job of focusing on the really important stuff to create that minimal aesthetic in a way. How do you prioritize that?, as an excellent question, and I do observe this as and there's I think there's two things about it. One is the governance model of drb isn't isn't? I'm sorry to say it's not a democracy,? we've seen we've seen lots of specifically Apache projects. Get to this feature bloat, because there's a committee. There's maybe 15 committers or something that. There is there has to be some level of consensus between them. But if somebody says I strongly feel about this, this should not go in. That's not really the way you do it in these committees, you try to make everyone happy and that's awesome. What I would do? Yes, totally human nature. Human nature, to try to accommodate everyone's requests, but the result, and then it's,, it's one additional dependency,? It's not bad. My name is,., exactly. Famous last words. we have, we don't have that. We have, we have Mark and myself, we decide what, what happens in activity we we have a, we have a vision, a product Vision if you want? We make a road map. Obviously, we do think about what people want we do. Look at, what goes on in our issue tracker and things that. What are the things people want? We but but in principle It's, it's not, it's not. a it's not it's not it's not a committee thing. It's not a design by committee this is the anti-pattern,? it's not designed by committee is designed by people that agree on a vision for the thing. And I think another thing that we have done early on in be is make this extension system where we say there's activity, it runs SQL. If you want DirecTV to. Talk to Kafka or something that. We don't bake that into the system. we can have an extension that we have, this whole elaborate expansion system, where you can say install, Something and I said, this example, I mention this example about Duck Lake, you can say luck and it will automatically magically,. Fetch an extension install it loaded. Make it,, rig it into the system. And then and that's all a way of keeping the system clean.? Where you say everything that's really is not strictly. Core has to live in an extension. and, and that's, that's Also, how we have the no dependencies in the, in the, in the, in the standard install,? all everything that does have extension, dependencies is an extension. It's almost you took this approach of the App Store and you said, if you want to run different things, then go out and get yourself an app and download that app and you can run it on the phone of your choosing, but I do still see especially with companies that have quote on quote but emulate dictators and not necessarily open source projects. The company will start with this really slick fine thing and I'm thinking specifically of versaille how they came out and they were very much in this,, almost we're gonna make it easy for you to do what you want to do. And then over time, I've heard people start complaining. Now that verse sell is this gigantic. piece of software that is nowhere near identical to what it originally set out to be and It's, there's this tension that potentially because they are a VC back company. They have to They need that. Market dominance. And they're going to continue to add features and you end up looking Microsoft Word at the end of the day where it's, oh my God, I don't know how to do anything because of this top bar has many damn icons and I don't know what any of them mean.. Not I think you're absolutely. And by the way, who says the development there is nobody nobody and this is not anyways. But I think I think I always use as a what comes to my mind was always GitHub,? github's always gaining a button on for something and then it's always Clearly some Enterprise customer needed this but I don't need this and it's I I am hard-pressed to think of a company or a project that doesn't do this., we are. I think I think you have a point of it. The VC funding. And I think what's also, what's also happens to companies at some point, they have a sales team sales, team wants to sell sales, team goes to customer and says, hey you want to buy our thing? They say, no, because you don't have feature XYZ, they go back to deaf team and say we need XYZ tomorrow and then It, who in the company, will say, no,? the CEO wants to make more money,? The sales team wants to sell. Other developers gonna say no that's really not their position to be in,?, it's I think for that for us in inductive Labs, the company is not. We see funded as,, do we say? We say no a lot it's it's not a luxury that you have. We are in a very luxurious position and we are very grateful to the people that we work with. To listen to us. When we say look we maybe we can do it another way that works for everyone and it does not, create a whole lot of technical implications and very often we will say this is not We don't want to do that. However, we're going to add a hook. if you want to make an extension that does that and changes the behavior, Fine,, that that's up to you then. And that's that's the way we've been able to get around this. And we've been pushing this pretty pretty far with currently if you have a A somebody working here, Daniel, that's a working on a pluggable SQL. Parser where extensions can register a new syntax at runtime and it's pretty wild and we're doing this. we don't have to add all that stuff to the SQL syntax because we don't want to. But other people then can do this,? somebody wants to do prequel is one of these new dialects. People seem to great, you can make an extension that adds the syntax and everyone's happy go wild. that's that's how we do this. And then also,, in Duck Lake,? we haven't changed, we have changed minor things here and there and back to be itself to make Duck Lake possible, but the Duck Lake implementation. this may be to explain Duck. Lake has, of course in specification, which is on the internet and there's an implementation of this specification which is the drb duckling extension,? That is an extension,? We haven't Committed a bunch of code into introductory and say now it can do Duck Lake. Now, it is an extension everything else,? It's an extension uses a bunch of other extensions as. we have, we can have extensions using other extensions., the darkling extension will, for example, use the park, a extension to read and write, folds,? And it will also use the database integration with other systems, Costco's my sequel to light. And on that, we have to talk to the metadata server. In the end the dark leg extension itself isn't a whole as not huge. It's saying it's talking to everything and telling things what to do and it's oh, I've rolled your own rules.. Everybody else has to do it. We should probably have to do it. It's, it's very tempting to to work around these rules. But far, we have managed not to do this. And I think, I think it's really interesting to, we've got to be has been around for, for seven years. I think at this point, And, we haven't we haven't had to fundamentally change this approach. I think the One of the, there's two miles stones in the development that I would say one, is the extension's, the that everybody we have Community extensions. Everybody can make extensions and the other one is, would be, I think ducklake, because it does open up a whole not whole new, set of use cases. But what are the values that you specifically adhere by when you are building? or the values, not maybe it's values is a very strong word, but I know that there tends to be the principles that you build from, and I think from talking to you, these few times one is that developer experience in that Simplicity is probably one. What are other ones?, I think I think this is really, this is really a Simplicity is a, is a big one and it does have a huge amount of implications,? it's Simplicity has implications on your delivery. It has implications on your installation process. It has implications on your SQL dialect, if you receive this ingestion., CSV powers are. we have this crazy CSV, parser, that tries to infer things. That is there's somebody did a paper recently and found that as ours is both the most flexible and the fastest which is that's, that's great. the Simplicity is really, it's really, really a base thing. What I think there's Simplicity alone, isn't Isn't enough to give you a good experience,? another thing that comes in there is is for example, things reliability,? When we say databases are and I think I've used to use this comparison before they're not egg timers. There are databases are systems where people build systems on top of. ideally you never is ideally you never hear of them,? if you hear from the database up top is the news, something went wrong,? Something something that shouldn't have happened and it's usually very hard to recover from database, errors, and I think that's also something that we've been spending a lot of time on behind the scenes. for example, one of our guys allowance, he's Worked the past five years or something on larger than memory computation inductively. where it's, if your query creates an intermediate result, for example, a join or an aggregation that is bigger than your RAM. What happens then,? most systems say now that's, that's not do that. But we realized that that isn't that isn't what you need to do, you need to be, you need to be very quickly reliable and and and people need to be able to rely on you did you can finish this query. that's a big has been a big focus in the past couple of years. And we're,, we're doing lots of things with memory management. Also generally code,? We don't want surprising errors when you've used Dr. B, we are, we have very grateful that there is. I think there's at least three Universities at the moment that are running experimental sequel. Fuzzers on top of that is, which is really cool,? Shout out to manual at this point., which is again, helping us to to increase robustness of the system by catching weird, SQL Corner cases and I can assure you. There are many of them but then we can handle them in a sane way. And, that's that's a big that's a big aspect as. But it is a reliability. Your talking about the reliability of the package of this open source package,? It's not the reliability of me and my system that I've said up because usually when I think of reliability, I think of somebody who's got their Company or their SAS tool. And there's one piece of it. Is this one piece is of it, is that and that whole system needs to be reliable. You're talking about the product itself, the open source, database needs to be reliable. And, you're doing a lot of it's It's not necessarily reliability in the way that I think of it. That's, it's not the 59s or whatever. It's the it's the I don't know how many, how many nines you have to have. I'm not, I'm not not in that world. Many,, but it's, it's more, it's more using a piece of software it needs to work. And it's, it's we have a quite hard job there because many people use duct TV and then they, let their users throw queries at us.. It's,. we don't know these queries beforehand, they don't know these queries before, I need it, but they have to Be able to trust that we will do the thing TM and with those queries will not, will not crash or will not we're not run out of memory will not do something saying some are be able to balance the memory requirements between multiple queries running. At the same time, there's all sorts of wild things that we didn't think would be a thing back when we started. But there are absolutely important. we are spending a lot of time on that or on our CI setup,? I think we are very grateful to Microsoft for sponsoring our CI hours, which is I think every commit is, I don't know, tens or I think we get into words 100 CI hours for every commit. No,, in total,? it's it's ended its a cup. It's maybe an hour and a half but it's, it's a lot.. And this is this because we run millions of queries in that in that time on different platforms, at different compilers and different operating systems with different configurations, with different and that's that's something that that I think it has that we really realized very very early on in the before we started programming that was the way that we would have to do this because Dr. Became out of a research lab and forth. It comes out of research Labs, usually not really ready for prime time. But we from the beginning, on the, we decided that that was that was gonna be a big factor, that reliability. Guest speed is also one. I think it's fun. It's really fun to make something fast,? you I feel I've recently I've recently done a demo on this. It's. Here's a computation to be a countdown. Will count the the time., the measure the time it takes Then we'll look at how many CPU cycles does the CPU have and how does this match up and we got,, within 5% of the theoretical maximum which is really cool,? If you can show that look, there's no way how you can do this faster. We are at the absolute limit of this Hub of this machine., that's also something that I really don't care about speed a whole lot. I drive a bike and a very slow boat. But, but on on computers, I feel it's such a, it's such a cool thing because it's an enabler.,. It's an enabler that allows you to do more with with less resources. And I think it's not something that we've been banging on a whole lot about, But if you can use a smaller computer it's less power, it's everyone's happy at that. There's no bad things about this. It's faster, it's cheaper. It's Greener it's everything. And that's that's a really worth pursuit of speed,? if you make a Formula One car faster, the planet, or Here, there's side effects, their side effects. And there's also the goal is really not changing a whole lot. It's not we can drive to the work faster because somebody made a car faster. Sure, sure fast now. It's you can't there's a speed limit, but, but or traffic, but you can absolutely improve somebody's experience and Empower them to do more when when you make the database twice as fast. It's it's, it's, it's, it's pretty impressive,? suddenly, you can do it on a laptop. Something that didn't fit on a laptop. You can do it on the phone. You can that's I think, really something that that level of speed. I really it's because it translates directly to To enable them and enabling people to do things. And and that's, that's really, that's really fun. Do you think that you buy the way that you set up these extensions and almost the raw materials that you give people, whether it's reliability or speed, You're almost tempting them to. be creative with how they use it because I think, One of the talks that you gave last year at one of our virtual conferences was all on different ways that you've been seeing really cool uses of duck DB. and, When I hear you break this down, it makes me feel, oh,., of course,, you're giving them raw materials and saying go and make your Lego house., for sure. I think, I think it's absolutely amazing what people are doing. And it's, it's really fun to see. And it's interesting because I feel also the, to notice something to be part of some of these Lego house, it needs to behave a Lego brick, and what does that mean,? It means it needs to be self-contained. Not, not something that not to expensive and then I think for duck to be what this translates very into our into how we set up,? If you're to be something that you can integrate into something, you don't have to run a separate cluster to run back to be it's you throw it in your application. You have tons of people that ship duck DPS, part of a electron app.? Not a problem. It's a node package. You drop the node package into your app. Done,? If tons of people that ship duck to be as part of a Java app because we have a jdbc driver it runs on all the platforms,, you pull it in. And I think the activities design itself also lends itself to being a Lego brick because it is small and contained and, doesn't. It plugs in with other blacks in. Does have all the interop if you can talk to the files can talk to Arrow if you want can talk to. as I think, I think because of that it's also it's also a reason why people have been doing funky things with it because you can it in because you can decide out of a configure it. it's your extensions, you can say I want to have a big version with everything in it or I cannot the results are very minimal ones. the web browser in the blazen version of the activity is very minimal,? it has It has a two megabytes or in a download which is, which is pretty wild. I think. Oh, three. Maybe at this point., that's, that's, that's really the Lego. It's it is, it is, it is really The design lends itself for that. Use case for for being put into other people's stuff. And now the funky use cases. Have you seen any new ones since that? Talk a year ago, are there any come to mind, away?, and away, I don't think this,, I see a lot of see, a lot of use cases. I think the maybe was maybe the Deep Mind thing. The Deep seek one was that was, did I mention that maybe last? No, I think that happened afterwards. That was pretty wild. there's this,, more about this and I do but there's this Company called deepmind Deep Sea.. And I wrote a blog post, I saying, Hey, Ya, by the way, we do all our data wrangling with Dr. DB, and here's our orchestration script that, we've that we've ridden to make this work. I was a huge. That was a huge moment for not necessary for us because we, cool, but but people really were. Oh my God, this is huge for, for DirecTV because it's, they they obviously picked up to be because it it had all the and it was interesting because they picked the reason they picked it is because it had these Primitives that needed, a sort a John, an aggregate., but and then they orchestrated the scale out of that because they have a very specific use case and they could make that happen. I think it's called Deep Pond or something, in some, I forget the name, of course, it's got deep in there., sorry, but sorry,, sorry to developers. I don't exactly remember the name but that is that is that is something that I was really, was really surprised by and I was if you're happy about this thing, deep Pond makes a lot of sense if they're going to hang out, then it's gonna be in a pond and he'll Pawn. I'm sorry small. All, there we go. I looked it up. But small point but I think this is really this is really interesting to see that and it's it's you can't you can't not many database systems are built for this. I think the only other one that comes to mind is sqlite. And obviously it's been a huge success, but it can't deal with a billion rows,? it's not not what it's built for.,, I know that. my friends at tekton created a new product within tekton that was built on duct TV. And they were telling me when they came on here and talked about it, how they wouldn't have been able to build that. two years ago or three years ago before the rise of the whole small data movement that Jordan made popular, and what they mentioned was how vastly different Teams are inside of the same company and the team needs are in., for feature engineering that tecton does, you have some teams that are very Advanced and they need spark and they want all the bells and whistles and they want to be able to, do some really heavy things. But then you have other teams that are, no, I need the basics. And that's why they were able to build this. Super lightweight product on top of duct TV for that., I think that's fairly commonly. See that a lot. It's it's also I think one of the reasons that we build document, the first place we call to be saw that. that was you had fundas and then the next step was spark. there was no interview. No. that was nothing in between. or there was maybe there was postgres and then there was spark if you want to stay in that world and and and then that is also I think what What also drove us is to be,, let's put something in the middle, and let's see how far we can push this. And, and then there was all these, all these, all these. There was these things coming out from Red from from Amazon redshift. For example, where they showed, oh,, our, our P90 9.9 of data of data set sizes that we use their inquiries is 300 gigabytes or something that which showed that the boundary Could be pushed quite far to to. To all the way over there,? Where I'm there will always be used cases where you gonna want spark,?, if you run, if you need something where it's, or similar systems, where you need, a 1000 nodes to get through 15 petabytes of data by all means. But our, our our suspicion is that this will be not many people and the vast majority of people Are quite capable. of using DirecTV for rest of, Ya and much happier to use something that's way, more simple than spark, and,, no, for sure., it is as complex as it as it is, mainly because it's running a distributed system. And if you, if, if you want to build a distribute system, there's some, some, some ugliness cannot be avoided,? you need to do retransmit and it's gonna be absolute hell. And you need a distribute Shuffle. It's going to be absolutely hell if you don't have to do that. It's it's it's a very different position and which is why they're Compares and all not always entirely Fair we don't have to do any of that,? There are building their thing., we're building our thing. It's it's it's all good. We are. We're thankful not in this world where there's a limited amount of oxygen for data system. I feel there is always more data problems to be solved and we don't have to pretend we need to I don't know encroach in order to do better with the other that., no there's this is maybe academics have sometimes have this have this thing. It's awesome with Duck Lake,? we are not. We are not here to say. This has to be the thing that That everyone uses. And lots of people have asked us,, what if what if the incumbents take up your idea and then use that the idea of the centralized catalog. And I have said this, a couple of times. I said, great,, this is excellent. This is we are we are not here to, we're not here to enshrine ourselves. We are here because we care about technology, we care about how data is being processed. If the if the, the iceberg people want to want to copy but get inspired by this and and by all means,? it's not there are very welcome to icons would consider this a huge win to say., they they agree with us or and this is now changing how this is being done. And I and again, or if the other insertive is people using duct TB and and ducklake. And that's also that's also a perfectly fine with me. I think that's that's, that's not, it's not a us or them situation. It's more it's a different approach on the end of the day, anybody who's ever been on the data team knows. It's probably both.. And you gotta be the one to support them.. we do support. I'd to be does support Iceberg and Delta Lake. Of course we are, we are working with a bunch of people on making that work. We are very grateful to the their companies we work with that. They they help us that we can support also Iceberg and Delta Lake and and you're you can use them both. It's not it's not it's not really an issue. Exactly. It's that What I think, what stuck what's special about that?, is that it is, it's really changing how you can use DirecTV in a way that in a way that is, that is fast and scalable, and still simple since the relatively simple,? And that's I think that's the That's the that's the really interesting thing. And in a way it's it's turning the architecture also around where we saying, we'll put compute first. And the computers happening wherever you need it. And all the, all the management is a sub function of that or the storage, and the metadata is sub function of compute before you always had this live top down where,, he had control compute storage and then maybe user on the very bottom. Now, with that you and to be, you can build something looks the other way around where you say, No, Villages put compute everywhere. On every client's machine, why not? And then the other functions are something that serves this purpose. And not some it's I think it's also something that I want to also change is the people have been seeing databases as this Mighty thing that Is Arcane it needs to be. Feared is, there's specialized priests the DBA that that knows something about it. And, I'm sorry. The Druids of databases. Yes, weird. They need to be respected., exactly. Security. It's absolutely., that's this has gotten down a little bit, I think but, but the But I think something that I think this this is not necessary to. This is not a technology that is special in any way., it is very complex technology that admit after after spending the last, I don't know 15 years on it but it is it is it is complex and I know technology but there's no need of of reverence or anything that. It's it's technology and we can put in everyone's hands and that takes a lot of the of its off its specialness away,? if every, if every phone runs duck DB, then How is yours? How is your centralized data warehouse? Any special,? It does the same. We cannot do anything different. And when you have that mentality, it's much more ephemeral and you don't necessarily take it as, oh my God, it's this sacred thing. It's something that can be spun up and destroyed. In a way that you probably weren't thinking about it before. absolutely I I think I think having having Dr. Fox humble, what a juice has a really love when people started putting back to being lambdas or serverless compute, where the database, the database that in our mind was this thing that you run and then it runs no no no it runs for Half a second. Maybe runs for 10 milliseconds, who knows,? This is unheard of,. Nobody's ever built a system for that. No, a database system. It takes it's posca is takes, I don't know. Half of half a minute to spin up from scratch,? it's oh let me do this. I'm going to do that. And oh and and and this would not be something that's feasible to run in a Lambda. Productivity. Why not? we optimized for this Mark, spend some time on this, where he was no no, no. We will we will go down to below 10 milliseconds, start of time or something that because it was we were in. We were eagerly initializing some stuff and now it's all lazy because we we needed to optimize the startup time.. Because it's not everybody needs all the functions. Hey,, you can load them when you need them and, and that's again, this is something that we do,? We go it. We go in and said, hey this startup time,, it's 30 minutes seconds, it's not horrible, but maybe it can be five milliseconds,? Let's make it fast. Make it fast. It's make it it's make it. let's make it fast and again it's directly translates to to how many requests per second you can run on this thing because. Startup time. It's wasted. and it's your imagination again. That's I think is brilliant and I know we had Robert kawk on here talking about ask news and how he would win. People would run queries. He was of this mind of he had these knowledge graphs going on but he didn't have it or ontology and he almost would spin up databases when queries would happen and then they would dissolve after that person logged off and That type of thinking about how you're going to create, your infrastructure is unheard of in my mind on. A normal way of doing it. Quote unquote, no more because you wouldn't really think,,, let's spin up and dissolve databases at the speed of a user session. Exactly., no. And I think it's also one of his things where it takes time., one of the things that I've realized that some point is that these, fundamental shifts in paradigms or in how people think about things, they do take time and I'm perfectly happy to give people time. We are thankful, not in,, in a rush, to raise our series B, our or whatever.. it's, it's something, it's something that if it takes another five years for that to arrive in the, in the comments, Consciousness. That's that's perfectly fine. And I think I think we are we've not even started scratching the surface of what what interesting architectures people can build with drb and it's it's it's it's it's really interesting. I'm I got devrel team is keeping keeping track of all the things that people are doing and then sometimes I get some update and it's, it's, it's it's always, it's always super fascinating. And and also the the companies that are adopting adapt to be, I think there was this week that Alibaba came out and say,, we now have a service based on doctor to be. It's here is the announcement it was mostly in Chinese. I think it will, it will take some time until this arrives, maybe in San Francisco, but it's it's, it is, it is there and they are, they run with it and, and. And That's, that's excellent. And that's I think something. We got to see much more often. And I think what gives me what I find impressive is the, or what I see is that the let's say the market cap of the the average new adopter goes up and up and up. that's I think the that's the interesting thing,? we when we started when we started the company back in 2001 and 2121. Sorry I was around in 2001 but it was it was too late into 21. it was, it was we were very grateful for the early adopters but I respect. Really there. There there, there are,, they're dedication slavery., and dedication. Yes. And now it's because of his down the road. What we see is, we see Enterprise, or gigantic gigantic cooperation to say whole level Builders product on top, why not try? And that is something that that is quite interesting to see and it is also changing, how we, it's also changing our company a little bit because,, we suddenly talking to bigger companies which is an interesting change. I can tell you maybe with a beer at some point, I can tell you about purchasing departments but that's a different discussion. It's, it's a fun place., I bet procurement is one of my favorite words in the English language. It is a fun word... There are special. But but. that's that's really interesting to see and I think with, with ducklake with all see is that this is something that works better for big organizations back to be. Used to work really for the set of,, we mentioned it in the announcement. I think we said it, I think we've beaten the single player campaign. All, let's let's now let's now think about multiplayer and and then you ask yourself, when do you need multiplayer,? you need multiplayer when you are when you have a 1000 people and you somehow need to work on on data together and a centralized place with all the corporate. No no, apply to it nice features.. It's not that we are not that we are that we are focusing on Enterprise feature, not at all? Because you can you can usually put these around the whole thing,? But but we see definitely that duck as a concept is seeing adoption in places that are generally more people,?. People at the same time and that's that's also very interesting to see. It's, it's a multiplayer. It's a whole new game,? It's that's nature of the Beast that you created. Again, you gave the foundational building blocks and no. Your it's if you build it, they will come. you build it another coming and you're getting to see this new wave.,. it's not it's not necessarily true that when they, when you build a devil will come,. I think I think it's it's also a bit strange., to see that people were coming to duck to be in the first place,?, we didn't expect this? we thought. Oh,., it's gonna be, me and my 400 Twitter followers at a time. Maybe give it a,, And and, no. Now it's now it's much more than that. And that's that's also something that we're. It's still a can't really grasp what has happened,? We see a fraction of the activity. we are, we are currently, this is one of these funny things that happened with the currently close to a petabyte of traffic each month for w.org. And this is mostly from people downloading DirecTV extensions,? Or computers. But but that's one of these things that that is it's vastness of of something that is beyond my comprehension. I don't know what petite is. And then probably when you talk about to me in two years, it will be. Oh. we're now 200 petabytes of traffic or something. And, and then, and that will be the new normal, but that is not normal. I could still remember, brain is perilously, five years behind where we're back to be, is it's, it's, it's funny to see that, but. Thanks for the thankfully the amount of issues hasn't hasn't been going up at the same pace we'll keep trying., luckily you you have been Almost had these two big shifts that you're talking about with inductive B1 being extensions and then the other being Duck Lake. You. Could if you want go and build anything that you feel is interesting. Is there something that now? You wish duck DB had that you want to go and make happen? Is it as seminal as these two that you're talking about or are you sitting around waiting for that next shower thought? I think it's the second I at the moment, there is no no huge thing in my brain, but I'm saying, this is what we need to do now. There is, but the world is changing,? This is also something that that I've maybe not understood properly in the beginning, is that the requirements will be changing constantly. And, and there's there's new developments in our people use data systems. There's new formats, there's new compute paradigms. There's no new hardware. that's I think It's a, it's not that I'm concerned about, I was never gonna be another thing. It's that I don't I don't have I don't have a huge project in my in my mind now. I think and that's and that's. Because there's always there's many things to do in inductively itself,. we are doing a big push on memory allocation at the moment. For example.. that's a huge thing. We also, we,. it's it's currently being being worked on. There is currently it's constantly projects going on. They might not be as as huge as as something something that., or the 1.0 was all really, really big thing for us where we did our one not? Oh, we are releasing the next version. 1.4 in a month, it's gonna be, it. I'm always amazed when we write the release notes and you scroll through these thousands of pull requests to see what, what the team has has a came,, build in the, in the, in the, in the months since the last feature version was released, that's That's very, it's very, it's very impressive. we are, we are up to about 25 people now. that really shows,? The the amount of activity that goes on on every,, every single, every single day, it's it's quite impressive and, I'm really grateful for for everybody. That's that's, that's working with us and of course, everybody was sense. Poor requests because it is, it is in the end making duct TV better. and no but I don't I don't have I don't have I don't have a a, a big, big thing in my mind. I'm sorry. It's all. Give it some time., you're still fresh off a Duck Lake. I'm sure something will come up. Give it. Give us. Give us a couple of months for duck,, we'll need some time, but you can still ride. We'll do a 1.0 at some point,? Exactly. One not always has probably gonna be, fairly soon with the thinking, a baby D towards the end of the year. Wow. Because,, it's, it's, we haven't found any catastrophic problems with it yet and, and here. it's,,. It's, it's pretty great.