Great., we have a couple of minutes. I, I can't believe what this panel and this topic, we only gave us 20 minutes or no, there's no way we're gonna cover all of the depth and expertise. We have here with us today. we have arushi James senior applied scientist at Microsoft product leader at Google. How do you, which, by the way we've got his name from his parents, who named him after a car, doesn't incredible. Because they'll never forget that it's a good to have. You already senior product manager at in World Ai and he's a better of technology and Innovation at iFood. Thank you much for joining us here today. We've got a lot of stuff to cover the topic is a small one hardening Asians for e-commerce at scale from our alignment and reliability. there's the, there's probably 500 things we want to cover today. But I thought maybe to kick it off since we only have a couple of minutes. I'll ask each of you to briefly share, maybe a real example of the work, where the work you've done, where an AI agent either, exceeded your expectations or fails miserably in production and in particular how that informs the work you do today on reliability. maybe we can start with Swati then we can go to arushi, then to Audi into Isaiah works, And then we'll go into the questions in the content. Over to you swathi. Thank you for joining us., of course. And,, I'm super happy to be here. Thanks for having me and that,, great to be on this planet and talking to everybody. But I'd to mention that,, coming from the product perspective and especially leading a product of the scale of,, Google Cloud reliability risk, Roi on the three Rs that I'm constantly focused on. And we've got, I've got both a success and a failure story with all of our experimentation with agents, And one key product that I work on is troubleshooting all of Google clouds., the entire troubleshooting in support experience And specifically focused on cloud compute which is, everything around gpus tpus. people really we've had an influx of consumption there and we had an agent deployed that was responsible for pre-qualifying complex technical support tickets that needed to be routed to a human. The base model itself was way too conversational, for the customers that we were targeting and it often fail to adhere to these strict internal service level policies. I think by implementing a new what's incredibly healthy team is? When we brought in a deeply your best adapter, train purely on human reviewed compliant rejections. We boosted that productivity policy appearance score from 45% to 90% in less than 48 hours. and, That really reliability in the Enterprise context is when you're dealing with really large workloads, really critical customers large ways that are asking for questions and about what's going wrong with specific deployment. I think that Enterprise contexts anonymity with compliance and DPO giving us a quick Advantage. There is really the success story to call out. There are plenty of failures building this on and we can dive more going forward by that's one. Big success. The team had deploying dpu invested actors. Amazing. Thanks for sharing saathi. Arushi. What's your favorite example of either exceeding or underperforming agents in production? I have two I'll try to keep it short. I have been leading the language understanding in reasoning front for post training, primarily opening. I models because we have partnership with openai and I have seen a tremendous change in terms of variance of the outputs. through post-training, you can solely Define and reduce the lot of the variants and the hallucinations that you see in the outputs and extremely grounded in the M365, grounded data that we Post train similar looking queries, that are customers do in copilot., one of those is, the entire muscle has been built. Now, over one, one and a half year that we don't do prompt engineering anymore. We heavily rely on post training methods, to ship our models, which are heavily grounded into Microsoft data. I would to call out that as a pretty big success because Was all of the horizontal layer models that you see today in copilot are all posturing models. None of them are out of the box prompt engineering and then second one that I am currently working on is integrating computer using agents and post-training for a lot of Microsoft specific tasks. we've seen that inherent knowledge. In the base model is quite strong for normal day-to-day tasks book. A cheap flight ticket or book a restaurant reservation and things that. But how can you take those models and post train and make it better to write it in Outlook, compose, email, scenario or find the latest presentation that I modified and act, two more slides below it to get these two issues highlighted in the next meeting because it has all of your data combined of the presentations of the meetings and of the emails. how can I take more of the plate from customer and automated. and we are seeing quite tremendous progress in computer using agents now with post training., in general, I'm a big believer, an optimistic post training. that's what I would to call out. Very exciting because I think computer use agents itself as a whole topic which has been an underwhelming performance,? we are all excited for that to be possible. We know one out of 10 times. It does magic but getting that to do work nine or 10 out of 10 times have been, it's been hard good to see that. We're on that trajectory. Audi. Over to you. This is fun. Happy to be here. Great talk, erosion Swati. I think they touch on a lot of points about training. I want to maybe focus on on model Choice as a key factor of determining reliability, a quick intro about in world and will we provide text speech models? We're not even one on hugging face and artificial analysis and a lot of customers come to us to build real time conversation agents. things shopping agents, you part Netflix and I said around and a story on a share from a production age in that one from not performing., it's a really great is when they switch from the architecture from and speak to speech model to wear Cascade model and let me explain why what happened there. 12 calling us. We all know is very important, a lot of workflows And with a species model at first, the customer prioritize latency, they wanted the conversation to feel natural but they later found that. Hey if I can Cascade this model with a separate specific feature, text to speech and LM, they can really customize the logic that way and without ever finding any models relying on arushi and Swati training, the models on their behalf or they have to do is the pieces together and they saw a huge performance boost in terms of customer acquisition and retention,? Because the tool calling was more accurate. Customers data, for example, balances the memories of being pulled more accurately. they sacrifice may be 200 milliseconds in latency switching from FM model to something cascaded and they saw a uptick and customer happiness. I think my only takeaway working with a lot of customers. Is that a lot of times you gotta rely on shoulder is a foundational companies, training, the models and World War. I own TTS model. pushing that boundary But at the same time, what you can do as a developer, it's the architecture. that reliability is increasingly improving as foundational. Model provides multiple providers improve. Thanks. Aliya. Maybe before we go to ezik. Can you share what you mean with cascading? What's the difference between cascading and and the end-to-end setup? Absolutely., imagine you have a model Speech to speech GPT. For real time, it takes in speech as an input. And it also processes llm processing and an output speech as. The model can also talk calling but it's on the model to do that,? A Cascada architecture is where you choose a stt provider,? Speak to text provider. Think assembly the brand. You pick an element provider open Angie before class on it. And he also picked a text to speech but provider in world and Etc. With that, you have more flexibility in determining what function closing wanna call Midstream. Do you want to add Perla processing and set up? The ends and one usually is lower latency. Because one model the Cascade one provides a more flexibility. that really depends on your use case and the experience you want to bring to your customer. Very cool. Thanks for sharing ADI and is a completely different world than the two large Cloud providers, and a more startup scale-up experience from Audi. From a Commerce, fear Commerce player in Brazil.. Hey guys, glad to be here, super excited to share what we're doing here in Brazil. I'm USA and I'm amazing and leading Innovation team in Eiffel. and we are building, Aiello Iloilo moo channels, and I guess that Talking about the product perspective, I guess that the main challenge that you have been facing and when you talk about reliability, the main point is, how can you create this connection with the customers?, we understand that until Centerpoint, the agent can perform very once you understand how to manage the customer's message and find the interpretation for that. But we are still trying to figure out how to manage the answer and how we are providing all those as how do you said,,, we can Define the ranking and you can find the best offer to them. But doesn't mean that they want to have everything chose by the agent. create this balance between until when we want to offer something to the customers and make all those offer available to that in a way that they feel the confidence., this is what I want and I feel super comfortable with that. This is very difficult. we are in the middle of how can you provide the best Personnel that offer here? Because you have the LCM, it's our lives Commerce model. Created in partnership with proposals, where we can understand the whole Christmas Behavior and the work on top of this personalization, but by the end of the day, once you have a created, some amazing sink to the customers, Doesn't mean that they want everything. in a way that they don't have any choice. we are In the middle of the process between the experience and the manage, the past offer offer or organization to them in a way that they can feel that this is very helpful. I guess that Once you have a good Agent, doesn't mean that in the real world, once they understand what you want, every single performance in the best way. this is the main challenge that you are facing because we see in the process between offer and add to cart. We have a good conversion but when you have between card and order, then the childhood begin. it's a trick process between managing personalization. Don't over personalization is to give in the Christmas a process managing the experience. Sometimes you have a voice to voice external times, they want to text you and find the balance between the whole experience. I guess that is being the craziest things that I have been facing far. I guess as we've heard far today. It's not easy to build agents. It's easy to build one for fun, but to make make one that the world uses or users to use. It's not trivial. And one of those areas arushi that that you touched on that you're doing research on is is related to computer using agents.? And I think a lot of the early demos of this and these types of Agents using,, existing interfaces were very exciting at the same time. They real life often were at least, in our case, we're somewhat challenging and and, and not quite there yet. I'm curious,, when you think about agents that can do things on computers, and let's take the e-commerce context, if that's something you look at specifically, you mention a couple there,, what makes the e-commerce? I guess, applications, particularly tricky. And how do you think about what we Need to do to solve those. I would say, two aspects are really challenging at this point in time, which is not even solvable through post-training methods, because I primarily work on post training that., for example, let's say you are on an Amazon website. And you have to tell, find the cheapest cricket bat that I want to play with. Now for cheapest, it has to go to that drop down menu and select the price,? sometimes model gets confused because these are agent models which are taking screenshot by screenshot and processing it. sometimes model gets confused with these small drop downs or if there are small, icons and buttons are there because The localization still needs to be optimized, a lot in the inherent intelligence of the model. these things some of the websites you can optimize but there are vast kinds of websites that have been developed not for agents to process it. But for humans to process it. And sometimes humans can get confused. If there are too many icons or small things and small text,? when I particularly go to some of the Indian websites, they are very because the way they have been designed are cluttered. let alone humans. how can we expect agents to process that data and then navigate. I think that has been one of the biggest challenges which we have seen coming from GPD, 400 to 03. And now more advanced, charging PPT, Atlas models that open has developed. Has consistently worked upon this probably that the base model is extremely strong and then second a challenge that I feel comes with the dorm vs the screenshot because the dorm the way, some of the websites have been written, the entire text data that we feed to llm. Sometimes is not rendering either the current information or is rendering with some lag. the agent model which processes the entire text of Dom is not able to accurately answer. in that case do we make the vision capabilities, stronger and process everything screenshot by screenshot or also rely on the Dom for a particular website. that has been too interesting challenge. I would say, working with computer using agents., that's a great point., I remember when we did some tests, some simple things ended up in the e-commerce Journey ended up being completely unaddressable by computerization. being able to do a click down, drop down and select a date on the calendar for when you're traveling from where to a to be that it with the date picking tasks. Yes. We thought scrolling,? Or adding toppings to your, to your pizza. Those are things that these agents were traditionally not, not very good at, and I'm,, you surprised. You mentioned the post training that,, doesn't seem to work here. I would be a expecting that. If you're looking for,, e-commerce, shopping, ordering food travel, you would imagine look nice. But you won't be able to solve it. Fundamentally that has to come through training that has to come from the base intelligence. knowledge, or you want to let go of some of the properties of the pre-trained model to make it, learn new Openai models have been trained vast on the the internet data and they are accustomed to go to Google Flights. Now we can post train on, not to go to Google Flights, but be more unbiased and go to lot of other websites in general,? those things can be very easily tackled to post training, but you say that the drop-down menu and there are many Facebook friends, messages, and I want to click on one of those particular friends. it messes up the position all the time. those are some of the things that we've recognized needs to come from. The very fundamental Intel fundamentally needs to be sold in the base intelligence of the model., that's that's a good point. I think a lot of those are do that. They should be underlying patterns in the way users expect to, to use websites. How we, as humans do that., and that makes sense. Audi you mentioned,, obviously you're working on the real-time voice experience and enabling more of those,, in the in the simplest form you're taking some users voice input and translating that into an action. But I think the promise is much more at the fully be able to control and experience using your voice in real time. Requires a lot of stuff. again they're in the early experiments with, we have mentioned Indian website that Visa in Brazil, I'm in Brazil and maybe others are also in parts of the world or English. Or the language is spoken aren't necessarily easily understood but he's models. And you have to deal with vernacular with Accents with noisy backgrounds. If we're dealing with,, writers and iFood, delivering food in the noisy streets of Sao Paulo having to understand, what they mean?, I'm curious from your point of view. What is the most,, difficult challenge? You see get these Ecommerce agents, powered by voice to hard enough skill. That's a question directed to me,? Awesome. I, I think I want to question the status quo of agency versus control.? you I think people now want the agent to do more. I want agent to be asynchronously find the cheapest flight,, find me the best. Itinerary come back to me in three minutes. I think on the consumer side of things sometimes, people might not want to have that. I talked to a founder and he did customer research. And he said, I want to build the best shopping experience for you. Do you want to support agent to tell you, how good? How great you look when you check out a dress? Or do you want to experience for you, automate things for you and buying two parts in ETC? And based on the segment and items, they're buying the experience, they don't want to design is completely different. for something, you're buying for fun,? Something where you want to be interactive, see how you look. Have a voice agent? Talk to you and say you look great. Oh, this isn't better. Talk calling is not as important, you need to be in the moment,? Whereas something where you're buying finding the best ship, that's with this restriction, Etc, that requires a lot of agency. I think my call to action for a lot of developers out there is You can differentiate not by building the most long run, studying agents but by maybe providing experience immediately that could give the user satisfaction. better voices, more natural and I want to tie this back to I'm not sure if people have seen Cloud code and then cursor introduced planning mode as mode. they were impressed by agents doing those long-running tasks and they if you look at clouds on my coating guide, they tell you always try to plan with the agent first and then curse. All recently, in addition, to introducing a mode, the introduced plan mode, they understood how agencies sometimes can be a trade-off is not always better., I think this is also true for e-commerce agents. I know Swati arushi already doing the great foundational and job of getting pre training done post training done. But I think at the minimum feature level, how do we get when customers, Isabella? If you want to, you want to increase that? Funnel., for people to check out,, your people already adding to their cards, how do you Nuss them and say, oh my God, this makes me feel good to buy something. It's not automating the process of adding to the card. It's giving them that extra nudge. You look great. You make the decision. I scrape 25 website is the cheapest price you can find now. That's the thing that will get people to click on check out. I think different players have different roles to play. I think arushi Swati are great at making agency. Great our job at in world or, for Isabella as a consumer company is to get that,, small wins initially, which is a little bumping., direction., great question. Paul is fun.. Great. I I think we're already nearing the end. I'm gonna ask you to maybe each of you in 30 seconds. Share,, looking ahead 18 months from now,? What is the thing? Each of you are hoping for we solve, or working on solving when it comes to unlocking our ability to scale these agents for e-commerce in a reliable way,? he wants to go ahead 30 seconds and then he's a arushi and Audi to close it out. sure, I think that arushi alluded to this briefly where where,, there's a lot of talk of Post-training now and trying to correct actions at the, utilizing methods, DPO theft Etc. I think we're heading to a Zone where there's more internalized trust within the agent itself and there's a learned confidence score that is before executing a potentially high risk. Or high impact action, the agent itself understands and puts a confidence interval to that score in a risk assessment. And, I would call it more into analyzed trust and self-reflection on behalf of the agent itself. Then necessarily putting corrective actions as we do at the moment., that's my 30 seconds. The great I love it. Absolutely love it. It's serving the direction and verify ability to sell verify ability,? Or confidence is a, I guess at my, my perspective is to have I thought connected in different channels and creating some good connections with the customers in a way that to send something very simple choice and you can understand and deliver the best opportunity oh I want my favorite lunch in 30 minutes., if I'm driving, I can be connected to my car. If I'm home, I can talk to Alexa, I can send a WhatsApp to them. I guess that you create a huge possibility in terms of Something that really changed the way of how they order something and in Brazil,, I guess that is it to be my vision and also my dream. Super close. I said, I feel everywhere,? Every channel, every its sensor that we're for a long time, but I think maybe now may really be possible. I Russia,, I think. Techniques and data centers and data, and all of those things will go on and have quite established. What? I am particularly interested in next one. One and a half year, how do we? I see how the product that we are trying to Target versus actual the real gains in terms of customer efficiency. How does that play out because the per jet token generation? Cost is still high, that even none of the big techs have, figured it out to get the cost and the revenue, let alone openai and perplexity, who are burning a lot more money., for me, I think it would be very interesting in. Next one, one and a half year, how can we deliver on the cost and the product efficiencies that we promised customers targeting?, that would be very interesting to see. If we were, we're counting on you to do that,? the drop the cars, another 90%. you for that. Audi and what's your your Wisher requirement for scaling e-commerce agents reliably in the next 18 months. I want agent to be able to be personable and adapt in real time. speak slow slower, be more compassionate, change your voice to a different accent and adults, worked, and it works naturally in humans. Now it's hard to do without them that the moment. I look forward to that picture. Very cool I do too. thank you much. We're at the end of our time here. I think Demetrios aka the gorilla is probably gonna join us in a minute. There's no more Guerrilla, write some audience because that's disappointing, man, that's disappointing. a normal guy. Trying to host the virtual conference. All. Any questions we have there from the, from the room, from the room, lots of them, but not respective of the conversation. You're having there was some good questions in the chat and I instantly had to know. I'm and I am glad you guys got into this. The elimination of prompt and Engineering is huge. super cool. That's probably the biggest thing that made me break my frame, but everything you said was very exciting to hear. As, I'm a big fan of voice. Audi, what you're doing is fun and then all the iPhones stuff and all the PM stuff. Great work folks.