I'm barely recording.,, we're recording. We're on. Oh,. We'll try it. we did the agent Builder Summit. You gave a workshop before, that it was awesome. I had a blast. Hopefully you did, but I wouldn't expect you to tell me if you didn't now in front of everyone. It was a, no, it was amazing. We build a voice agent from scratch with live kids, and then went up and builds out evals as we went along, which was really fun because it was how you build agents in production., how do you take a voice agent, build a test edited though? The test appends,, capabilities in different things and improve the agent over the course of the workshop., there was three guys that left. And I was, how was it and they both look Shell Shocked, because they were, it was really good. I wasn't expecting that. But it was, it was good and they almost couldn't talk because of how good it was and that was a little bit of. Yes,, it's good. That's amazing., it was cool. It was very cool to see and there was lot of voice, AI companies at the agent, Builders a big event too, which is cool because I tried to get a few of them there to make sure and showcase that, this is happening. And a lot of really good products are being made with voice agents, totally. I think it was really excited. How many people were interested in voice AI yesterday? Because in my head I think over the past year it's certainly become,, last summer it was still very niche of a couple of companies were playing around with voice. AI people were saying, oh this is finally working. this is really exciting space but it was small startups experimenting and now I think we see a large companies. Almost every company is thinking about how those boys say I fit into my agentic vision or ICT plans., and that's really exciting to see. Everyone from big companies to small startups. Thinking, how can I incorporate voice AI into my product?, we saw a lot of that yesterday and I told you I go nuts when I have to deal with the old, Voice. what is it ivr?, absolutely crazy. Whenever I get on a call and it's that and, I hope that transition that you're talking about of every company having this now, Happens sooner than later, what's funny? Because I think people when they say I don't want to be talking to a bot on the phone. I really saying I don't want to be talking to a bad thought on the phone but really if you could go I think similar things were said about websites. And why would I want go to a website versus? calling someone on the phone and making it happen or I don't trust a website with my credit card or I don't trust things that are on on this website.. And then obviously there's a shift where Millennials would much rather go to a website and talk to anyone. And I think that with voice AI is creating this really natural interface where you can really quickly, imagine you can call and change your appointment versus going to a website logging in for getting your password and finding a new time. Etc. And mentioning how much easier that is? When we created these websites and you would think,, oh we've got it all on the website, why don't you use the website? You can change everything there, you can do it. But then the actual Active during it painful. Sometimes for that very fact, clicking around, you don't know the interface, you forget your password, you got to sign in all that, I 100% agree., and I think that we forgot that talking is a very efficient way of doing things. Humans are have,, created speech over thousands of years and very efficiently communicate information. And if there's a reason why when you're working on something you're it's easier to talk over the phone about this. And I think voice AI has this capability to create this. Very natural interface is in age of AI. When you're talking to either,, a humanoid robot but even if you're trying to get a task done, you can say,, here's what I'm thinking, I need to, I need to book a reservation or I need to get this task done. It voice can be really natural and I think what we're going to see is it almost every company is going to have a voice in their face of some kind for the interactions that make sense in the similar way that happened to what mobile After wet where you had not, everything is on mobile, but a lot of things are on mobile in different forms. And, I think every company will have to think about what interface is makes sense via voice for us. And how can we make that really seamless? that instead of having the way on the phone for 20 minutes to talk to a human, you have a really seamless fast interface to get things done. I know that the customer support is a huge use case. What other ways are companies thinking about employees., I think what's interesting about voice now is 80% of the use cases, fall in the same couple buckets, very customer. Support is overwhelmingly. The use case, this is because I think the infrastructure is already there. it's an interesting case of, you already had some level of automation with ivr. It's over the phone. it's a very defined Channel. you have one person talking to another person. it's much easier to navigate. You have a pretty, pretty defined side of things in place, and most companies for customers support will have standard operating procedures.,, If you're a customer's per person, these are the things you have to say. I think that's why it's taken off much is because it's and also it's a very high large cost center for a lot of companies. But then, we're also seeing things healthcare. being able to file claims book, appointments, all of these things that have to happen over the phone because it, these Legacy Industries had very little software permutation permeation because of there's many providers. There's many,, such high need for security and all of this but voice AI is cool because you had this Universal API where you can have a human talking to an automated system. you don't need to have software Integrations. I think we see this with Logistics too. truck drivers there's many different parts of the logistics system and a lot of those don't have a truck driver isn't going to integrate Software System. For if they're doing,, maybe they have 50 trucks or maybe they have 50 drivers, there's small business and they're not entirely looking to adopt all of these new software systems and voice. AI again is really cool because it doesn't matter whether or not all of them, adopted one of them can adopt it automate something and then Still be talking to a human on the other side. Wow, the universal API is such a good metaphor. It's you can use Tech now but you don't have to Have everyone else using Tech?, because everybody can talk mostly everybody. And me sometimes better than others or better. No, I want to make a joke there but didn't didn't come up. But the the idea is Having. Almost this behind the scenes. Going on where you can leverage Tech and the folks that are using the tech. Don't even need to know., in a way they'll know because it's Ai and, I'm talking to a bot but they don't need to know that. you might have a really cool complex system in the background. And they can sink into it with this Universal API. Exactly. And, it doesn't.. And, you can have, doctors offices or Claims providers or truck drivers or HVAC system providers. All of a sudden be able to use this voice interface where especially if you're let's say you're driving around. In the car all day servicing, different HVAC systems, you're not entirely in front of a computer. You're not necessarily looking to acquire a bunch of complex software Integrations and setups your eyes. There were painful, exactly. But you can get in the car and say, what's my next appointment or have? Someone answer the phone for you? While you're installing something. And now you haven't lost that next client. And I think there's also all there's all of these use cases that haven't been explored as much because they're, they're not even really, automated systems there before.,, all these people that are in cars all day, how can you help augment those?, if you are, if you're a delivery person or if you are police officer or if you are doing a, if you're a Uber driver or, how can we integrate this into waymo,, and self-driving cars. How could you control that in their face with with voice AI?.. I was thinking about how you might Want to help. I know I've heard of a company that is doing something around for doctors because they have to write a lot of crap after they see a patient. And a lot of their time is spent writing things down about the visit that they had and you can extrapolate that out with a lot of different. Jobs, you have to have this component of, I need to write down what I did. And can we have it be a voice agent that interviews you about what you did and then writes it down for you you can answer questions. And you don't have to sit there and go into the UI and type it down or whatever, or even better in the voice agent be with you in whatever you're doing and then write it down and say hey here's what I got. Do you want to change anything totally? I think that's it. Definitely a big. It's much of our day today. Lives happens. Via voice,? talking to your co-workers, you're talking to someone and then you want to recap it your talking about the you're trying to communicate your plans. You're trying to communicate changes and I think all of these places that you're talking to other people, there's opportunities for voice, AI to do to free up a lot that time to then do other more interesting things.. now there's a big idea that we want to hit on which is how to make this reliable. Exactly. I think that's the biggest. That's the biggest thing that people are nervous about with voice. AI is, That's great that I made this. But these are my customers or these are my business partners or people that are important to what I'm doing every day. I don't want the AI to all of a sudden then go brogue, which it has been known to do. Exactly. And I want to be promising refunds, I don't want to be giving discounts giving discount and saying the wrong thing and I think that's where something that's really hard is that you have to for every step in the conversation, it's an opportunity for failure,?, if you have, if you have a 10% failure, every point. It's pretty high. But let's say you have some percent of a failure at every point that failure could potentially compound throughout the stack. the chance that any one turn fails, then all of us on becomes very high. But you might say how will voice AI ever be reliable, in that case. But we've built out systems this across all sorts of other parts of software. for example, the internet or a web application, every single stat, part of the stack is super unreliable. Servers are unreliable. Network connections are very unreliable,. All of your apis and all that jazz, but you create reliability. I have redundancy you can add these fallbacks, you can, we've gotten to six nines of reliability for large-scale web applications and I think the thing that I'm thinking about all day every day is how do you create that same amount of reliability for agents will also still making them the autonomous. It reminds me a little bit and I'm no expert and I wasn't around in Tech. I heard stories of databases being super unreliable back in the day and that's why you had to create different kinds of databases that would maybe you Shard database and Cassandra comes up or maybe you have these new ways of thinking about databases that you have a database that's specifically Never Gonna fail. And you have cockroach TV that comes up,, it's meant for that really reliability. And now when we're at the beginning of this, in the Voice. Spectrum of how it's going to take over. You you are gonna probably start seeing some of that. I imagine you're gonna start seeing,, this this voice agent is specifically. It's the Cockroach DB of voice models. It's not going to be have any problems or maybe what you're talking about too. Is also each piece of the system needs to be a cockroach and that it doesn't fail or if it does fail, we have ways. that the end user doesn't realize it fails.. Exactly. And then that that redundancy or fall back mechanisms. But, I think that's something that people forget, is that building reliable web applications feel obvious today, The idea that you're application would go down. If you have,, 10,000 users go to your site. It's by default. if you Deploy on AWS or versatile and you serverless, Etc, it works, it works out of the box. everything is pretty secure out of the box., there's a lot. You have to try pretty hard to make it terrible web application today. But, that's, that's not to say that it's still easy but there's a lot of things that become infinitely easier than they used to be and, even using RDS from AWS or what any of these Cloud databases there's redundancy, they have either leader replicas and then read replicas and all these things that you don't even have to think about. You don't have to think about your server backs. You want to think about all these things but today with voice AI you still very much have to think about a lot of these things of if my TTS provider and my 11 provider, and my STD provider, all have some variants in the reliability of how of their latency You have to be ready for all three of those things to not respond. For two seconds, that's going to be a six second latency. And if you don't respond for six seconds, I'm going to be, hello anyone there, what's that? It's super unnatural. Six seconds is an attorney in a conversation.. Maybe for normal. Oh, I can't. If I don't, I don't respond for six seconds. oh, you can, and that's not even,, API reliability. 99% tile of one second delay is is notable and I think when you're building voice, AI applications, you have to think about your latency budget, across everything. And not only your latency Budget on average, but your latency budget in any end percentile. Because if you have a 20 turn conversation, where if you have a 30 minute conversation, think about how many turns that is to the conversation and how many opportunities for failure? And if any one of those Fails,, if you, if the agent doesn't respond for six seconds, at any point, along that conversation, there's a chance to use, are hangs up or, Thinks that nothing is happening or Etc. And now, that whole conversation has failed, but the fail back or the ideas that You've seen work is it if something fails you have a go-to line that you say sorry something's not working. I'm working to make it happen better or I don't know what how do you deal with that? If you're noticing. All, there's these failures that we have figured out, but we know since there's such a high unpredictability we're going to have some at some point and we need to give the user some idea that we're still there, it might be taking six seconds but I have a quick canned response that is. this is where you need to have. If open AI doesn't respond or this particular model provider model instance, you can use same similar models of the same family and it hit those but you cannot have a fall back of open. I doesn't respond then I'm going to use Gemini and. That's you can have these quick fallbacks or whichever one responds. First, I use that this fallback logic is pretty non-trivial. that's why I say I orchestration, libraries pipe cat or live kit are really useful. I think. Even more than a junta application because a lot of this real-time streaming Voice orchestration is pretty non-trivial. how do you create these fallbacks? You can configure them with these libraries to fall back they handle all the fall back orchestration that you don't have to implement that from scratch., that's cool. And the other thing is, isn't it? A big-time vulnerability. If? Any at any one point? You fail. And then it's almost This can ruin everything. Maybe for the user. Let's say that the user is patient enough to stick around, but do you have Potential of losing the context or is it not? I I think you were telling me that on the reliability aspect you have all of this. It's more high stakes but is it because of the user that is not going to be patient? Or is it? Because they're if you lose something, then you potentially can lose the whole conversation and you gotta start over from scratch., it's more than the user's impatience I think. that's why we do a lot of these benchmarks around model, not only model latency, but also model variation in latency. the thing that's as important as the as I said, the 50th percentile is also the 99th percentile because if the 50th percentile is amazing but ninety and percentile is much higher than that, that person's going to be really impatient where you don't respond for 30 seconds. All of a sudden is a crazy amount of time that the person is going to assume that the whole thing fails. Oh.. If you don't respond for 30 seconds here somebody's hanging up. Somebody's hanging up., exactly. It's awkward.. 30 seconds game over game over.. And I think that's similar that's one type of failure. But then there's all these other types of failures that I think these are the ones that get more airtime for Enterprise leaders. Where You are issuing refunds or you're saying you informational. If he exactly it's only your voice. Telling someone in the car for one dollar, that Tesla's better than Chevy.. All those. All those problems come up and you said, it's a very Valuable conversation that you're having you could fuck it up big time., totally. And and it's with customers too, which is a business that's, it's a hot, is it?, exactly, it's high-stakes. And I think that's where it's not only performance but now you have this quality aspect that I think is very different than SAS tools previously as. Where before I was the bunch of work every time but that's really a performance thing. what percentage of the time is the button working and usually pretty deterministic. But with voice AI. It's now super non-deterministic and what quality looks is very different. there's obvious things where it goes, and I think things where it goes wrong and there's this hole in between of wasn't quite perfect., and how do you do instruction following evaluation or did it do the thing at the time? Did it take the action on your behalf, be a function calling and all of this Jazz, which opens up a whole can of worms of how do you make sure that not only your performance and you're saying the thing? But you're saying the thing at the time. But you tested this,?, with all the different providers.. we've done the benchmarks across all of these different areas TTS. how do you measuring latency measuring, whatever rate or the accuracy of the model cost? And how do you balance these? I think there's a very common balanced across all of these models is cost latency and quality. That's the vent diagram., that's a Venn diagram and you can some models are going to be better everything but really there's no one size. Fits all every model is going to have its trade offs and How do you choose between for TTS, for stt for llms voice activity detection? They're really interesting thing about voice. AI is that you have many models all working together in order to orchestrate. This it's not one llm, you have all these models chained together in order to produce a really high quality output. And that's why we've done a lot of the benchmarks is because we want to be able to show but as you're evaluating all these different models that are constantly every single week, they're new model is coming out and,, opening. I released a new real-time model. Should I use that one? And, all of these TTS providers and stt or the constantly releasing new things. And I think with voice here I'm more than ever having been real-time benchmarks and constantly monitoring the performance is super important for being able to understand what's happening. I guess that's the important part for the majority of people. It's how much is it going to cost? How fast is it going to be and how? is it going to say what it needs to say but then on the how does it say what it needs to say? There's a lot of New Orleans there out of imagine. Definitely., that's why instruction following benchmarks are really interesting of, is it following the steps for five minutes conversation for attendant conversation for 30 minute conversation. And that's where I think with real-time models. It's still not obvious that you should use real-time over cascading, Muggles because the control ability isn't there? The instruction following is getting better and better but it's still if it's not following the instructions. Once it's happening. It's Happening. There's all sorts of ways you can inject context which is interesting and I think we're still early days in different voice architectures with real time. What do you mean by inject context? for example, as the conversation is going, you can have a background agent saying is this conversation going and or is this, are we missing any information? And you can imagine that you have a real-time model that's going back and forth and then you have another model that's saying whether information. Do I need. the person asks a question and then it goes and does it look up and then feedback that context into the next into the next turn. I think regardless of your doing real-time or cascading model, cascading is where you have text-to-speech. Oh, sorry, tags., text to speech versus using a voice to voice model. Regardless, you still have this as the conversation progresses, you want to You want to inject the context for what that turn is trying to do. And I think that's where voice AI is been very early to contact engineering because there's far too much context to feed into every single turn. That's exactly what I was saying., how do you keep that context on and the most important things? I want a 30-minute call., exactly. you're exceeding the context window but also even beyond that it you start to very quickly have this needle in the haystack because there's all sorts of extra conversation or if you're doing a rag lookup you can't you can't those are 10 to be costly lookups and doing that in a really efficient way that you can get still fit within. That one second latency budget. When you're already using the late budget for lots of other things, I think has always been a very hard thing for, boys, Ai and, there's a lot of interesting things are happening around people having graphs as you go as you move through the graph it's dynamically injecting contacts around once you get to appointments scheduling the availability has already been pre-loaded or making sure that you inject the step for the next turn., instead of saying at the beginning, Throughout this whole conversation. I want you to first ask the person for their name and their phone number and their availability and then send them an email, follow-up. Putting that all in one prompt might not perform as as having a graph that's heuristics based and you say you're on you're at node one on this graph and then after the next turn, you're, now you're at no two. Now you're at node 3 and this is the step that you should be doing now., I can see that for if you're trying to, Also close somebody on something close a ticket or close a deal or whatever. And remember you're stuck at node 4 please try to move to Note 5 it seems you're not getting past node 4 for some reason. What's going on?, you can also add a little context there I could see that. That seems it could be very valuable. Now, what else was there on the Reliability side. I think the others many interesting voice, AI architectures that are coming out of I think in the earlier this year or even last year, most people are trying to make things work end-to-end. You're trying to say, does the voice AI application respond to you with something relevant in a reasonable amount of time. And now I think that is a that was stuff. that's the first problem., exactly the lowest bar. And I think now we're seeing it's been really cool to watch the industry of all over the last year, where that's the first thing everyone cares about. Even in the workshop. Yesterday, as we were saying things up, we talked a lot about weights and see and the reason we talked about about latency is Nothing else matters. If you can't even respond,? That's the step one. And that's a that's still not. It's still not trivial to get really low you can see for boys AI., then step two is, can you finish the conversation? Can you have some directions to the conversation and get to the end? And then can you do more and more complex actions? What I think that's where we're seeing a lot of really interesting voice architectures of,, having this graph, the, this graph method or having background agents were having multiple agents responsible for different things. Having One agent that's responsible for responding and other agent that's responsible for coming up with context or all of these different things. I think people are coming up with is a really it's been cool to watch these architectures evolved real time in front of us., Zach yesterday was saying that they have a constellation of models or agents and a lot of times If when the conversation is happening or when the other when the user is talking and they think that they might need something, they'll fire it off because in the unlikely case that they might need it. They would rather have it and not need it and not have it and need it. exactly. It reminds me a lot of Instagram in the early days was able to have insane latency not because they in latency was better in loading images and even analysis, but because they did predictive clothing. they were even before you entered your password, they were pulling up all of your, pulling up the first images and they are pulling up all sorts of, content that you'd see it immediately as you walked in.. Or preloading,, the ones to the left, the ones to the,, the previous, and the next one. I think there's tons of opportunity there to do similar things, but the voice, AI, where it's, I think this conversation is going in this direction., I'm going to preload This type of information or I'm going to start thinking about what to do next. Oh. My name is think about the idea of hey the conversation seems to be moving to node 5. Let's get all of that stuff ready now because it might take us a minute. I was thinking about in the moment of I'm a slow talker a specially for a computer. I talk very slow,? That didn't come out. That made me sound a computer but you as a robot it has a robot. I found that really hard. This entire conversation has been generated video. have not been setting here it would be amazing once it gets those good but until then we're talking about this earlier how it's still a little uncanny valley on the video generation?.. a little awkward. Now you're trying to act it.. we are human. As far as we know.. we're here and then anyway, I was thinking in the moment that I'm saying things, then it's grabbing it and it's, oh that the whole thing that Demetrius said was two seconds long. They can get a lot of information and two seconds and then they'll have that ready in case they need it. And then be able to respond. If the whole Process took three seconds. It's a second response. At least what I feel, is a second response.? I that preloading idea., I think there's also really interesting things around more as you. following the steps, when the steps are known the standard operating procedure is customer service, these types of things. But what about when you want special exceptions, or negotiating or these really autonomous behaviors? I think those are really interesting and how people can start to handle., this is how an agent can negotiate with. These are the bounds in which I'm comfortable. This is how I would be reasoning about the social interaction and how could you start to get agents to navigate those types of situations? Autonomously is really interesting., I always worry about the negotiation. I always feel I'm not gonna get a good deal here with or the agent is gonna go to the lowest amount.,, I think it's Think there's a lot of interesting techniques from sales of or, recruiting,? large companies, when they're hiring, have hiring bands and you can create incentives and trade-offs. I think, I'm not sure it's still very early days in that area. But how do you give agents a set of tools where maybe they have a negotiation budget for a customer service? Or maybe they have a this is the amount of refunds we can get out based on all the conversations you've had today, how many of these which ones are the most deserved of those people that or memory across conversations? That's not. I haven't seen that happening today but I think that's a really interesting area where you cross conversations., oh, Susie was doing with this problem, too., and we saw that this way. I think that's another area that is more people. Are exploring more, is Reinforcing certain Pathways. I know I saw this problem this way previously in that worked. How can you in? How can you embed, that within your architecture, that you can have memory of Maybe it's memory or reinforcement, learning or, there's lots of ways that you could implement this. But, how could you have a? How can you remember,, what things worked and then use that to make the agent better and better over time?, that better and better over time and knowing, I've seen it this way and I can do it this way. that's how I'm going to do it. I remember, again referencing the conversation yesterday with Zach, he was It's still to this day 80% of the Google searches have never been searched before.. And the thing is that a lot of them are similar But not the same. And he said, that's when the agents will get a little bit messed up, because they think they know, and then they don't because they're, oh, this is the same as Susie and no, but it's a little different in this way and the voice agent will be, no, it's Susan. No, no. I know how to do this. This is how to do it and that's that can get super tricky. I imagine definitely I think memory in those cases is still really, really hard.. 80% of use cases, haven't been searched before is also resembles really autonomous systems self-driving where a lot of the scenarios that you've seen. It's down to, you've never seen before this exact scenario,? that exact person with that exact dog. With this exact street at this, with this lighting. And this,, whether conditions all this with that car., is every single step is new and how can you create a system that's really autonomous., being incredibly reliable, I think there's a lot of parallels with voice AI of, you're going to have the same situations where you haven't heard this voice before, but this background noise, but these frequencies, but that's exactly asking for this thing. And yet you want to. you want to be able to autonomously navigate that with incredibly High reliability. And I think that's a very exciting area is, how can we create these really autonomous systems?, that's such a great point. It's such a, Great parallel. And I think people Again, the sentiment towards voice, I is reminds me much of how people talk about self-driving, where they're both saying either., tomorrow, we're gonna have self-driving cars., no one will be driving a car in one year from now. No one's gonna be driving a car. No one will have a license. all be driving on autonomous cars. There wasn't even be Regular cries a lot down the road and then there's this other extreme of people saying. Self-driving is never going to work. Look it failed there. It will never work. will never have autonomous cars and the true answer is somewhere in the middle, it's going to take longer than we expect. It's going to look different than we expect. But the getting really autonomous systems that are reliable is totally in the realm of possibility for boys. And I think we're both underestimating and overestimating voice at the same time where we throw a voice at something and say,, it should, it sounds really realistic., she work for everything today and then on the flip side, people are saying it fail. And there's one case, and we can never trust it. And I think there's, there's somewhere in between,? It's going to take a few years but and iterations, but we get there. What is it? Oh my God.