The first answer will be a stack, Overflow link. You're growing and profitable. Yes, we work with everybody, open Ai and Google and all the cloud providers at some point, the AI Taps out. That's why we want to be able to integrate into these tools. we want to make sure we are where users are the big portion of what we're doing now is expanding beyond Q&A. All. You told me something very important. You're growing and profitable. Yes, we are growing and profitable despite, all the the viral headlines around our specifically, our Q&A, which is an interesting staff to look at. Because all in the age of AI you've got people asking a lot of simple questions on. Let's call the chat GTA any AI tool.? And that's I think it's it's it's more. It's a function of being a Content site on the internet. I think a lot of content sites now have that same point around, who's creating the new knowledge. And for us, it's thankfully the increment because of the experts in the platform, Etc, and the standards always been about. Let's have the bar really high, and let's create this amazing Corpus of cumulative information, and all knowledge, that is going to be very useful including for all the AI models, who now work with us, in an official capacity, by licensing our data., I was gonna ask.. any coding helper.. Is powered, in one way, shape or form by models that are powered by. Stack Overflow answers. That's. That's. specifically to finish the earlier thought, people come to our site to ask all the incrementally difficult questions, but all the simple questions now are also., I've been asked on bases, tragedy BT, but they're also. Now in eight, we're empowering people to ask those questions. Even on our own platforms through multiple mechanisms, which I'll talk to you about Ai and non Q&A related. we want to, we want to accept all questions, but at the same time keep the Q&A Corpus. Very, very pristine and incrementally accurate. it's very useful for these AI providers. as you second question, yes. All the AI providers work with us. Officially a few years ago and Chachi PT came out in late 2022. We noticed,, all the ad companies and llm Labs or AI Labs said, use our data to train or pre-train their models. we put up a bunch of anti scrapers on our site and they know they all wanted to work with us because we generate obviously very high quality data. We even worked with The process team to think about. We took an open source model and fine-tuned it with our data. And now we publish these results with something called Pro llm, where our stack data is used to rate all the latest foundational models. I love that, that's valuable especially because the data is in its public but not public. And you have these models that as soon as they come out you can get a quick gauge at how good they are on coding tasks. Exactly. with that information we know something a 30 to 40% Improvement in accuracy of answers and either if people were using the data already then they now realize they have to officially license it through us. Which was now a requirement attribution is very important because that's part of our license. You need to attribute back to the sources. recognizes our user's Etc. And ultimately we're able to contribute back to the community, by building new features, which I'll talk to you about. that, yes, we work with everybody, open Ai and Google and all the cloud providers and they, and the,, all the AI labs, and they officially licensed our data, and they're more, the everyday. We're seeing new companies come into the, for into the,, to the Limelight., we're happy to work with them., there's something that is to be said about the experience of stack. Overflow versus asking one of these answer engines., and it's a long, the lines of, there's more than one way to skin a cat.. And when I go to stack Overflow, I get a much more robust answer because I can see various opinions on things and I can get the nuances, a lot more.. Versus oh, here's how it's done. Or let me go try and do that if you're coding agent and it tries it and it doesn't work because some packages and updated or something and then you have to go through that Loop,? Etc, etc,,? No, exactly. I think that depth of the answers that people over at 16 17 year period,, started by writing that first, I don't know basic programming,, their first hello world program all the way to,, using more advanced languages over time and as things of abstracted higher and higher I think people have you see that Journey? And that depth of what is the answer to canonically,? Answer to a question and how that's changed over time,, the accurate answers from six years ago, may have been very good but now we've got a more elegant answer that gets,, that's true. And the answers bubble up because somebody tries something and it doesn't work and then they come back and they put in the thread. Hey this is doesn't work anymore. That is? And you have that almost up to date and answer. Exactly and your point around the depth of the answer is very useful because what we do know notice is that and the reason why I think we're very excited to work with all the AI companies is when AI let's say, does a lot of the let's call it the brunt work and, the the craft and that's good because it it's all about abstraction and let's remove the the millennial tasks, that's all good. However, it does have a complexity Cliff issue at some point, the AI Taps out or it doesn't have the answer to a question because it's very specific and contextually relevant. It doesn't have it based on the fact that nobody's come across that issue and,, produce a viable answer, which all shows up on stack Overflow., that's why we want to be able to integrate into these tools. And what we call knowledge, as a service, go, where the users are. previously, the interface was go to Google at type in a question techno. How do I spin up a kubernetes cluster? The first answer will be a stackable flow link. You click on that. You come to our answer, our page and on. Now people use Google, but they also use a bunch of AI tools to go and search for answers to your earlier point. And, we want to make sure we are where users are by many of our Partnerships are about all., not only licensing our data, but also being able to empower, Is to ask questions straight into stack Overflow from those places,? Or and and in addition also attribute back to stack Overflow from their from their AI,, their chatbots because that way people come and look at the more detailed answers to your earlier point also around. Here's exactly how you do it. Why you're virus suggesting this solution. that's the full loop that we're trying to do enable plus of our own website, being able to bring people and we launched this week. We stack over on AI on the site where people can bring their llm chat straight into this and drop it in. There it Imports it and then it looks at the Corpus of 50 million questions and answers that we have and then provides a relevant answer or none of that works. Then you can post a question to the community either in one of our now. Newly formed live chat rooms with humans human experts or in our traditional Q&A or even a discussion board nowadays.. I think it's a good moment to mention the What everyone thinks of. As they look at stack Overflow now and they're, oh the questions are going down because of this, you rightly. talked about. probably the basic questions are getting answered by the answer engines. the more nuanced discussions are still happening.. Can you explain what you've been seeing as far as questions being asked?, is it more in-depth questions? Is it always more topical questions that are not in the Corpus of data? And you you don't have them and they're encountering that they're very. You take a step back through this shortly only had Q&A and the Q&A. Again, the mission and purpose of Q&A was what is the almost the encyclopedia the,, the Library of Congress for all things software programming,? has that super valuable too,? I was gonna tell you before the most valuable form for developers.. By far. But yes, exactly. And that's why it's been useful for all the Companies to leverage. with that Library of Congress, it's,, if you have the same book six times, it's not useful. what we're really trying to do is, say what is the next book,, and on. And we want to keep adding new books into that. previously, one hour, one out of every two questions were closed on stack Overflow in the Q&A. the reason for that is because they were all duplicate questions,? my own first experience using stack overflow. When I even before I joined the company was, hey, this is questions. Been answered already,, slap on the rest,? And while that can be hard, the whole that was very deliberate by the original founders of the company to say, let's create a Library of Congress. That's truly the cumulative. Effects, cumulative effect of all the works in the world around the topic. that, yes, it is. Now all,, what is the hey, something is never been answered before. I'm a,, an expert on Python and here's an additional book,, python a lot of questions have been answered in the world, but I would say something newer,, maybe it's transformed. Maybe it's even something even even more more current and one of the latest Technologies in Ai and that those additional books keep getting added to the library. But that's the Q&A form factor but a big portion of what we're doing now is expanding beyond Q&A., back in March, we had an AMA with our community members and we talked we jointly created this now Vision, which is to be the most Vital source for technologists period,? And the sources. How we want to do that is to make sure that we cultivate Community, we want to power learning and unlocking growth in people's careers at their work to be productive and on. And the way we want to do that is especially with what's going to happen in the world is going to be a lot of job. Displacement, Etc. We want to make sure that you any question also is fine on stack Overflow. And maybe not in Q&A which is why we've opened up, hundreds of chat rooms on the site which are live Human chat. Now that's not exactly novel. But the fact that you've got experts in these places because you can't remember, people have been building expertise on the side, you're gonna reputations on the site. I have a million points on python.? what you're talking about because,, you're in the School of Hard Knocks and for you to be in the python chat room to be able to help another developer out. When they have an issue, it could be one of the New York, AI topics. It could be an AI specific chat room. How do I prompt on this? Why is my prompt not working? Whatever it may be. Chat discussions. Coding challenges because coding challenges. how do we help a young developer? Because,, those folks are going to struggle in this environment, most likely because companies Etc unlikely to dive straight in and hire a bunch of Junior developers only because a lot of the AI agents are pretty capable to do. The, let's say the simpler,, you workflows.,. All these ways that I described where broadening the site to be much more multi-dimensional to realize our mission and to help our developer community and Technology community. that's yes, questions in Q&A are incremental, but we are also now opening up all these other avenues where any questions should be fine. You ask a question either shows up in Q&A discussions or chat and and all that will be helpful, through different mechanisms for the community., I really the idea of asking expert because that is something that with the ml Ops Community we've had in mind and it's almost the way that I feel the ml Ops Community was valuable Or is valuable to folks, because you have different experts from different walks of life. And we used to joke back in the day that the mops Community. Slack was slack overflow. And it was almost real time, slack overflow. And what I've seen when it comes to the questions. That folks are asking in the mlops community slack, is that those basic questions that you can really answer easily? They're not being asked as much anymore, what you do have are more nuanced questions and things that you really want to talk to a human about and trying to get a human opinion on. Don't, it's not what's the what's the answer to x,? You want this more nuanced discussion? You want to hear opinions, you don't want to hear an answer, correct. Exactly wizard, why we opened up something called discussions on the side. a lot less stricter in terms of the Q&A is meant to be the canonical. Answer to a question. This is more of look, you can ask whatever you want what is what is the discussion on the topic?, should I be using XYZ by coding tool of us? Is the other wife, putting tool, what are the pros and cons of X versus y whatever you want,? that I think it's less about it's a conversation versus or discussion versus here's the accurate answer to the question exactly. There's much gray area that you have to cover and you have to hear all the different opinions from folks. And you can't say, this is how you do it. That is correct?. Because if you're looking for that, this is how you do it. You have it there. Yes. Close. Yes. Or maybe it's getting updated as accepted answer or, and on.?. Q&A area. Exactly. I think this is probably a good moment to talk about what types of questions you've seen.. As far as, the amount of AI questions or a way that questions have changed over time... I think that we covered in that they're more specific and they're more, you can call them,, incrementally very complex relative to the standard questions that now, that will also change with what I described because you could ask that repeat question and chat and discussions. we're in between both those. in specifically in Q&A we see the more complex questions we see increasingly number of AI related conversations happening on that site or questions around. Certainly I talk Technologies we have everything from Nvidia Cuda tags to tensorflow to any Any of the people who are here at this conference,, they all have content on the site,? that's all I would say there's a obviously an increasing number of developers learning about those Technologies because they realize that's where the world's headed and that is naturally the place where that happens and then but even for the person who is early in their programming Journey or developer Journey, they're fun learning the fundamentals which we very much encourage because it's you want to know when you are using a calculator. That two plus two is not six at some point. you want to learn the fundamentals of math. in the similarly, we encourage people to learn all that and do it on stack because you will learn through,, going through this journey of learning on stack. the questions are complex on Q&A. But again, simpler on chat and discussions and, and the, yes, they increase in the AI oriented on the Q&A side. I've got to know because I asked you before we hit record. Why don't you build a cursor or a windsurf with all of this information? Yes, I think we are. It's I don't think there's now. It's the same question. I sometimes, get on, why haven't we build our own llm,? what can you go do that? And the answer is that. I think we have certain points of you. For example, I believe the llm game is fairly commoditized. over time, they're all going to get to the same level, maybe one will get to AGI and all those Father predictions that people have. And there's also the open source topic is that when this knowledge has become ubiquitous and then the question is,, you spent let's say a few hundred million dollars training these models, and the whole ecosystem is running on that. the question is,, how do we want? We want to serve our community the best way. We can, we have a great knowledge base, the user interface seems to have changed. we want to play this substrate layer at the moment where we are, powering all these AI, llm providers, AI Labs, even the AI agents. And I can, we should talk about our Enterprise scenario, which is a very fascinating thing to see how Enterprises are using stack Overflow inside that companies, which is given us a very key Insight. all this suggests that we for AI to work, you need a very Trustworthy Foundation of Knowledge from experts and it comes down to when we talk to our developers developers every year. We do a developer survey as you're aware and, that's very yes. I'm a big fan of that because you get much information from folks and there's many diverse opinions again that I think the beauty of stack Overflow is the diverse opinions, the willingness to share. That's. the key Insight, that answer your question, the key Insight from odd, this year's developer, that closed that we have not yet released but I'll share with you. Is that not surprisingly the AI adoption for coding related tasks has gone up it's gone up roughly over the past three years from let's call it. 60% of our users up to about 80% of our users not surprising everybody's using AI tools at least trying or interested to try it. But what is very surprising is the trust level around. What's coming out of these AI tools? I would have expected to go up but it has gone down. for the past three years it has been 40% of the user's. Trust what's coming out of AI tools to 40% year two, which is last year that Russia tools to 29% this past year or this year, spaghetti code is coming to roost now, finally years later. it is quite counterintuitive but at the same time quite fascinating that was the one data point that stood out to us the trust factor is really really key. And in a world where you've got a lot of AI slop and you go to the internet,, you're gonna see all sorts of a generator content. there's going to be very few places where you go to get very credible. Authentic, human curated knowledge, even if you you use AI to do things but you need the human to make sure it's accurate and validated and and, it's trustworthy ultimately. that is that's what we bombed on to saying. That's the problem that speaks to us our strengths are People, trust us, they trust our brand. They trust our community. It's in fact, it's really hard in some ways to engage the community, because it's a really, really the standards are very high.,, we're not going to be bought by commercial interests., it's, it's one of these things. It's a very independent,, a Switzerland type of place that I think is one of our primary strengths., yes. Could we go and build a cursor or,, something that perhaps? But,, it's not exactly. We could,, we never say we wouldn't do it at some point, but at the same time, it's not something that we're focus on now because even I think there is it's very early in that world of trying to figure out. Is it a,, is it an idol is a command line tool? Is it a,, is it Asian?. And for what use cases, we're very I don't think that,, it's been sorted yet and I think it's still,, there's a lot of movement between multiple,, people have very low switching costs between tools devs.,, move from one to the other a lot of folks used to or three,? the question, I think we always will be open to it and our AI functionality on our public site. Now is maybe a step in that direction to say, look get the best of the humans, expertise and the site, plus leveraging, AI search and Discovery. And all the things that,, I'm good about that but also over time, if we're able to capture the user's context,, be able to perform tasks over time but, that's not exactly a current Focus. But the idea is to power, the AI ecosystem, through that trustworthy knowledge, intelligence layer if you will and we should talk about the Enterprise, which is another very key data., I want to get to that. I do think that it's smart. Should almost be patient here because you're, two years ago, we were having the same conversation about why aren't you building, them? You have all this data, you should make your own. Now we realize that would have been a horrible decision.? Totally.. And that is not where you're going to have the Delta or the alpha, I guess. Yes. In that International terms.,, sure. You can see where I play, I don't necessarily do the CEO stuff. I don't have to go to the earnings calls... you, I that. You took that approach hey let's be patient. Now when you're looking at ways to make the company more interesting, you've put a big bet on the Enterprise stuff, can you talk to me about what you're doing there? And how that even looks totally. the two sides of a company, one is obviously a public site, which we're spent a bunch of time on the way in which we. Obviously, we're building all these new features, Etc, that I explained and the way our business model that supports that is our data licensing business, which is 12,? I Labs, as we talked about, which is a very fast growing area for us where they get access to the knowledge for for a fee, recurring fee, and then advertising all., that's one side. The second part of our company is the Enterprise version of Stack over. That's used in thousands of companies around the world and that's for some reason less known in the ecosystem, because our brand is prevalent on the public platform that people. They look at. That's why,, I joke about this one chart that shows up the number of questions and say., that's all. My goodness is the end of the world, not really? Because that's a component, it's what we're known for, but our company is, multi-dimensional in nature., we've got this b2c or B2B rather business developer,, business developer. And then we have this B2B business which is all around a private knowledge and intelligence layer inside your company that allows you to have human curated knowledge. That will always stay up to date and update by your subject matter, experts inside the company. And now most recently what we discovered is that all our largest customers are using this very, very accurate, knowledge base, which is stack, Overflow internal to power, their AI agents., what we started doing is that we notice our apis Of all our customers were red hot. And when we talk to our customers, is that, what are you doing? Exactly. And they're, surfacing it in search results inside the computer servicing and using it. In AI assistance, as an example, Uber build something called, Uber Genie, it was one of our customers, Uber and Uber Genie, leverages the thousands of questions and answers within Ubers internal version of stack, Overflow and surfaces it into that, sorry powers that AI assistant, which then goes into their slack channels and answers a whole bunch of questions from users automatically that are all,, questions about the same stuff. How do I reset my password and Uber and on. And, it's drives a tremendous amount of productivity inside the company because it's tapping into this very accurate, knowledge base and knowledge base are underestimated because you have a lot of knowledge inside the company but either it's hard to find or how to date,? We all can sympathize with the fact that maybe there's some stuff in jira, maybe there's some stuff in confluent, maybe. Then somebody came, and they have a notion database and then there's, oh. All that stuff. No, that's on get book and as you've got this sprawl across all these different areas and I imagine that when it that type of thing, building an abstraction on it and having the ability to pull from wherever the answer is, if it's in stack Overflow, or if it's in the ocean, whatever it is., you have that and you can get that answer. That's a huge unlock because I can't tell you how many times I've spent searching for something and I'm, I swear it was somewhere. Hey was around this and you're typing in keywords and you're not finding it., totally. It's it's a very very common frustration and that's why Cosmos since 2099 I came on as a CEO in 2019 and partly was to solve this problem, say inside companies they had this huge issue around developer productivity employees get a spanking, a lot of time asking same stuff and tapping on the shoulder of the subject. Matter expert, all the way always. And exactly you said this now stack, Overflow internal ingests information from other null sources that are all out of date or or,, getting out of date and creates this area on stack, Overflow through the subject matter experts that we automatically identify and automatically, make sure that the information is constantly up to date much,, our public platform has done for 16 years., we have that secret sauce of what makes the curation engine really work,? With reputation points and all the things, and then that with when you plug it into an mCP server, you can do all sorts of amazing things because you're getting this really accurate knowledge stream. That's powering,, whatever,, could be your Asian to perform an action could be assistant to provide information. Whatever it may be., we were talking to Ben young yesterday. Who is the CTO of source graph, and he was mentioning one of the biggest unlocked for their agent.. Mmm is giving it a little bit of a nudge on where to look,. And, I imagine that's why people are, that's why you saw the apis of red hot because the agents, then if you say, oh, check stack Overflow for that. Yes, sir,, or get the context from stack Overflow,? Could be a reason that all of a sudden these agents are performing better and they're able to yes, start looking around Stack overflows for a lot of different stuff that is. And we, and it's very apparent because a lot of customers are in financial services and Healthcare and Retail and tech companies globally,? And, they all have realized that this is one of the few credible sources that their experts have spent time, making sure it's accurate and that's going back to trust and it's the same the same way we help AI agents in the public platform. Trained off of our data now with the commercially using partnership's, similarly here, those AI agents inside companies in the Enterprise Our leveraging, the platforms data to be truly value added inside companies because,, ultimately these agents AI agents and assistance need to show Roi and there's going to be a tremendous amount of pressure to do that. I think we're probably second or third. Now in terms of phases around people's attempts to deploy some AI related. Let's call it technology inside companies. and now they're we figure out the dependencies are privacy and great data and as we secure and and on we don't want our stuff getting out of our company to other company. Our competitors all the things that people have been debating or the past three years, our finally, I think people have figured out,? You need a very accurate knowledge base and you want that to be very seamlessly accessible through an agent that can do a lot of great things. I think it's, it's, it's timing. It's in patients, especially when much is happening. When I have a hype cycle, you have to know,, you if you've been through it a few times, you will know,, they,, the trough of disillusionment and when people Will,, understand the reality of what it means to deploy things. It also is something that avoids, the bus problem if somebody gets hit by a bus and they have that information on their head, that's a big problem. But only if it's there on the internal stack Overflow, exactly,, exactly,. That's a very, very common, use case why people bring us in, in the Enterprise is, let's make sure because,, people are constantly moving in and out of companies, people are bringing in new people., people are changing teams. when all that happens, say dimitrios is answers,, on a certain topic that he's an expert on our codified and their bills on over time by other experts, the company. But the fact is that you're the expert on the topping. That's your intelligence is now in the company companies, knowledge, repository, and irrespective of what you end up doing with your own career, that the company continues to benefit from investing in you, by investing in you. that's, the company should benefit because I the trade because As you're ultimately, it's all about people and what they bring to the story., last thing that I want to ask around the questions was, do you see a lot of very obscure languages? Getting more questions because these things, the not python or typescript type of questions?. I imagine they don't have this same amount of data.. And training data that the LMS, yes, answer those, or they probably hallucinate more. When they're talking about newly languages, all that stuff, 100% 100%. You'll see some of that in our developer survey that'll come out here a few weeks. And we'll share that publicly. But yes, absolutely. The that's always been the stack of flow,, we know what's happening in the ecosystem even before we all,, realize it because it's all the number of questions in certain topics have been increasing. the new languages,, couple years ago was about to and, spelled and, all these things. as They keep progressing. It happens on the platform first because somebody has to figure out how to use this in the spirit of abstracting and going up,, up the stack to speak. How do you make it more? Elegant Etc. As you're aware. those things absolutely are the incremental questions, the net new Etc because the world's questions on let's say JavaScript have let's say vastly been answered? what's more to be answered is the more the incremental things and also the dynamic of Who is asking these questions? Is also quite fascinating. Maybe I'll leave you with that. Is that the one of the I mentioned earlier that trust score has gone down to 29% from AI related topics even though adoption of AI has gone up and we'll one of the fascinating things. We noticed the demographic is that the more experienced, the programmer, the less they seem to trust AI which is interesting,? But that is what we notice all. it's another set of quick. Tidbit from our developer survey is that the the The Experience level age group has gone up and the trust level has gone down. I suspect the younger developers are all rushing straight to,, the the Easy Button of. let's use the agent to a bunch of things which I think is good, but at the same time, again we would encourage people to do both,, learn the fundamentals and do that. And the expert programmers or the, let's say, the more experienced ones, the ones who are spending time, thinking about what is the latest programming language. And what is what What should I ask? How do I really fully understand? How does this hook up into the rest of,, what library sites should be using? All the things you need to do? And why is this more in the previous version of the same problem?. Awesome dude. I think that's it. Is there anything else that you want to touch on that? We didn't hit., I think maybe we covered. We covered everything. I did what. Maybe one thing would be. I think we are in the spirit of realizing our vision to be the most vital source for technologists and all those Dimensions that I mentioned. But that's creating community in an age of AI, which is going to be very disruptive and high change environment where that's powering learning for,, new developers who are looking to learn on the site through our challenges and,, we'll do all sorts of other things hackathons potentially in the future plus, for them to build their reputations and then for that to unlock people's careers or if their productivity Insight, companies through our Enterprise Products,, that's what,, we're building this with the community,, we wanted to do this with them. I think,, my ask would be To your audience to give us a lot of suggestions on,, how they would us how they would us to evolve based on their own needs,? Because,, we are moving from being a Q&A site to a much more of a multidimensional company. And yes, Q&A has changed. The form factor has changed relative to Ai and,, but for us to really work with the community to build the future cycle, we're excited about that. You.