Oh but how do you add the context? I do describe the data frame is the LM supposed to look at all of your code and infer, what the column names are and what the types are, the way I thought about notebooks five years ago, meets the change if you want to use colab. That's fine. But you can rethink that and that shit I care a lot about intellectual Freedom. If you're a python person, widgets are probably the most fun way to learn JavaScript. At this point,, you told me something that is Very interesting. You guys got a quiet., a few weeks ago. True. in the span of me seeing you a month ago, and now what's changed, I thought,, I had paid data the week after I was in San Francisco and as one does you get into a few ways and do that? Fun takes some video?, up a hill downhill but. during that week I also got word that we were getting acquired the CEO and CTO were really good at keeping that quiet within the company but a fun pleasant surprise. But the short story of it is that we are still one group. Our roadmap hasn't really changed we are part of ways to buy while. If you look at the orc chart you've got Corey which is the company officially the acquired us. Then we have weights and biases and then we are part of the under the weights and biases in Pearl, I guess you could say, if you look at the org chart But, again, the team is still the same. Our roadmap is definitely still the same. It's that we are now part of a bigger group, the longest short story of, it makes a ton of sense. Why weights? And biases would want you after you're breaking down all this notebook stuff. And knowing how they think about Helping data scientists and what are some things that you're thinking about? Now, has anything changed in that regard? your what you want to build where you're going. honestly on a day-to-day basis, the main thing that changes I'm part of a larger slack group now you learn to ignore more channels and it's really do a little bit of that because before with eight people almost every channels relevant and now with the couple thousand people working there that's not the case. that's it. A lot of ways that's the main thing. And one thing that's a little bit funny is knew a bunch of people that already worked at weights and biases. one thing you do see is that obviously the r CEO and our CTO they talked to some people over the rates and bias aside very much up the umbrella and I know some people that aren't exactly up the umbrella but we're Twitter buddies. then we are now each other. I'm Mike gateway to this guy in some remote and he might get way into ways to buy stuff and that a lot of that is very organically and natural with that that is the main new thing because, we still do The YouTube stuff to do the education thing. We still do Integrations with other open source packages. And, all of that is Still the same. The one thing is that we did a funny story, collab from Google.. The number one ticket on the collab get of issue list was the people wanted to have marimo support know in Google collab. we build a thing called Moab, and our intern wrote on the issue track. Again, we built it instead, a funny little internal joke there, but we made this thing called Moab and which is hosted rainbow in the cloud. And one thing you can imagine is that, we,, with the whole core we've backing us, we can do more elaborate things with Cloud compute for Moab. that's the only thing that,, we can start dreaming a little bit there, that's how I didn't quite follow that. hosted. Notebooks now.. we've always we've got three credits with our notebooks. That was always cpu-based. But you can imagine, we might do bigger machines and maybe a GPU or two because we've had a bunch of them,? That's stuff that we,, we have in the pipeline, but the thing about the setup that I guess, I want to emphasize this really neat is The one way to make molap better is to make marimo better., You can definitely imagine that. There's this incentive structure where if you want to, if you want, Moab to be better we definitely have to keep on investing in the open source thing. and, That is the main thing., that was also in the back of our minds during the acquisition,, we can do a lot of cool stuff. But only if we can find a nice way to keep that open source thing, very much alive because we don't want to change that license. We want that thing to keep on existing and by having this thing, where Moab is,, a thing that we can work on. But the way you make that thing better is by investing in the open source thing that is a very healthy incentive to have as. that's that's the main thing I would to emphasize,? Real quick, if you happen to find yourself in the South Bay on March 3rd, we're gonna be taking over the Computer History Museum for our coding agents conference. That's, we're organizing another conference. This despite me telling myself many times after we did our AI quality conference that I would never do another conference because of the stress that it caused somehow I seem to have broken my vows because the pool was too strong, some of the notable speakers that we have already announced our CID friend of the Pod and co-creator of Claude code, Harrison chase. The founder of Link chain good old decks, the founder of human layer and the dude who popularized the term Context, Engineering, and harness, engineering. And last but not least, someone I consider a very close friend. Michael Eric is going to be doing a workshop. He's a Stanford lecturer. And he was a past co-host of this here podcast that you're listening to. Before he got off famous and stuff. Come join us, it's intimate by Design. There's only 450 people that were gonna let in to the room to try and keep the signal as high as possible. I'll see you there real quick. Let me talk to you about hyperbolic GPU Cloud. It delivers Nvidia h100s at one dollar and sixty nine cents per hour and h200 at one dollar and ninety nine cents per hour. And this is with no sales calls, no long-term commitments or hidden fees, you can spin up, one GPU or scale to 1000 in minutes with VMS, bare, metal clusters and high-speed networking. You've also got attachable storage and you only pay for what you use, save up to 75%, less than Legacy providers. And oh,, by the way, you need steady production grade inference., you can choose dedicated model hosting with single tenant, gpus and predictable. Performance with Out running your own Hardware. Try now at app. Dot hyperbolic dot AI. Let's get back into the show and what are the synergies with weights and biases the product., we're that's stuff that we are exploring now,? But it's definitely ways and biases has a historically always been They've been fairly friendly to the academic Community as. I guess it's a little bit less in Europe, but my impression is, A lot of companies in California use weights and biases. It's some of, the normal thing., you're gonna play, Imagine some Integrations. One of the first things that we've added. wait to have an album inference engine the day after the acquirer, the equalization was public. We add a support for that inside of Rima notebooks, we have very elaborate LM support that's a click away now. And training support or no weights and biases has a service where you can call llama and a couple of those opens. I think they're all open source models if I'm not. that that's an easy integration because we add on day one,, I cannot talk about the main specifics yet,? Because people are working on stuff but you can definitely imagine Integrations happen.., awesome. You're a treasure Trove of cool stuff, I guess. one thing that does make marimo unique is the reactivity,? But then came along these out of lambs. people were banging on door, oh, can you do llm stuff too? And there is interesting stuff happening there now., We for the longest time we have Asian support you can open up a little window you can give your API key of Claude and then you can, do your clots stuff. What you could do is you can say oh there's a data frame there, hey I want you to write SQL for that data frame. Oh but how do you add the context? I do describe the data frame is the LM supposed to look at all of your code and infer, what the call names. Are the types are that was always a bit of a conundrum, we do is you're able to point do at and then some variable and then we do our best to add any context. We can add to the prompt. if you point to a data frame, we can automatically say things, oh, that dataframe has these columns has this many rows. These are the types. Of each column nice. And when it makes it a whole lot simpler for the llm to write the SQL or the data frame code, you want. that's interesting stuff that we can do, but then I think Zed the editor started this thing with ACP. can we have an agent protocol as, such as you can say oh I want my editor, have clawed. I have that be a protocol that added Cloud code or codex or Gemini. I think that will add a support for it. there's an experimental feature in Marina. Now, that also lets you run clock code within Marie itself you can use native clock code with your keys and your subscription within a remote to fight ACP protocol, but it will wait ACP or mCP 8., we also support MCPE ACP is a relatively new thing.. Send a new one. Great.. All. But that means that now, Cloud code is generating code inside of your notebook. Yes, you don't have to do the API key thing. Where we every time you make a request, you have to pay for it. You can now use your clots subscription. We also have a linter that's specific to Claude because there's some errors that have really specific to marimo, you can have a linter trigger every time that Claude does something and then we do linting and one thing you can't do a remote, for example is you cannot Define variables twice. there's one cell that has a equals one. The other cell that's says a equals two, we have to make assumptions about what the actual value of a is. we don't allow for that. And there's errors that, that we can again send off to Claude, they can fix itself. there's a lot of,, llm Innovation that's happening to in the notebook. Is the main thing I would to stress?, tell me more.,, my dream would be that eventually. We might be able to. We're definitely not there yet. That's the one thing I want to mention first. But the one thing I would love is that you could say things, oh, I want to have a copy to clipboard button and that button doesn't exist yet but we can generate one that's in any widget that we want to generate on the spot. that Dynamic you I think that's, that's the thing. I'm, I would love to do more of and you can also Imagine and I need to find time for this. one thing I would love to love is that we get these elements in such a place where oh, boy, this is a super interesting article. Look at this really cool diagram in it. Hey, llm in the notebook. Can you reproduce this in some way? But at sliders. I can play around and we're definitely not there yet,? But that will be a really cool learning experience.,, this is the latest paper. Oh, that mechanism looks Cool. I wanna have a better intuition, can I have sliders and interactive matrices, and the plot updates based on the thing that's in the paper. And, what's the quickest path? To maybe get there? Oh, and another on your own data, or on the data from the paper, it would either go out there and get that data or., the data has to be public and if the data set is huge,, petabytes, then it's gonna be a little bit more. It's gonna be a little bit harder, but if you're dealing with the intuition, then you probably want to then it's more about generating the pytorch code, and can we get the phenomenon at least visualize and things that? And another thing about marimo notebooks that's good to mention is that these days a lot of them Do work and webassembly you don't need to python back in anymore. if you want to have a Blog with the sliders and all that jazz is generated with python, you can do that. The downside is not every python Library, supports them fired, I yet, but that's also, something I would love for people to maybe also have a good cashing mechanism such as you write your Noble book fully in. Merino and then you export it statically HTML, but you maintain Dynamic., that's, we're not quite there yet. But fired. We do see a path towards it. Going back to that Dynamic UI generation. What do you feel would be behind the scenes happening in order for that to be a reality? in my mind, the biggest hurdle now is that Some python developers are a little bit arrogant and refused to learn JavaScript. And if you refuse to learn JavaScript, it's going to be hard for you to debug JavaScript. We heard last night in one of the talks from our agents and production conference, they were saying,, what do you think the hardest code to generate is for cloud code, or cursor, and it had JavaScript python rust and people are saying, oh,, the best is python by far. The best is going to be python the worst. I don't know, but I think my guess is the best is probably JavaScript the worst is probably rust. Know the worst is Javascript because there's much JavaScript on the internet and a lot of it is really bad. Interesting., it makes it much harder to generate quality JavaScript., I the thing is, I can do JavaScript but I know that I'm not an expert at it. what the bias that I have is that I do spend more time getting the prompts, planting it out really carefully and with the python I yo it because I can always use your to fix. I've not really had that problem but again I'm, it depends on what you're building to. If you're building a web app, that's also a different story than the stuff that I'm doing. But getting back to this, developers python developers, reluctantly use JavaScript. Yes. And you feel that would be useful to dynamically create these UI elements or even not dynamically? in general. one weird bit of feedback that I've gotten is, Vincent you make all these? Widgets why? And the honest answer is because for some reason, what, no one else is making them., you don't even have to love it. If you work a lot in notebooks, you want to have widgets, they make your experience much better. why am I the only one I think it's because I at a very early part of my career was falling in love with D3. I didn't care. I'll learn JavaScript, because I want to do three and I'll learn Pi thing because I want to do. I could learn but I think a lot of people are very reluctant to learn JavaScript, because of the notes stuff., that's my impression. And what but it does level you up to be able to go and execute much more when that front end I think.. I again it's a mystery to me. Why someone would not teach himself JavaScript in this day and age where everything is web app. and it's 90% generated for you a little goes a long way. I would definitely agree. Although I there's also that there's also that aspect of it of, should people still learn how to program? And that's a, that's a theme that I hear people talk about a little crazy statement in my mind.. I'm the I to do flashcards and things that. the, I think if you train your memory, it also makes it easy for you to remember and at least helps with the iteration speed, and also makes it a little bit less intimidating.,,, the steps to start a new project. You notice that's the,, what can we expect from the document of the browser and what are good methods? But I think all, if you really go deep a little bit that it's also less intimidating because otherwise you get them to self helplessness of, oh, I can only build stuff for 5 and llm around yesterday Cloud for one down for a bit and I'm hoping people were still productive day of the year., but doesn't National Intelligence go down whenever cloudflare is not because no one can resell it. But,, that graph,, that is, when you start a project, you think? Oh, it's gonna be easy and then you go into the, disillusionment, you got to get past that trove. Before trough, I think, is how it's pronounced or you have to train yourself to be good at project setup. if one, I remember very early on, I was playing around with these things and was thing., let's see. If can I fully YOLO And I won't look at the code at all, but can I fully YOLO a web app and have it, send emails, and postgres and said all that stuff up and it did. And then I noticed that whenever I was running unit tests, I instructed it to start with an empty database. Apparently the day it would go to produce the whole thing and run all the unit tests there. And if you set up the project yourself manually or if you have a good template or something that, that crap doesn't happen. I think you're already in a much better spot and my impression is that all these What's a polite term? Teenage Tech Bros. I'm coders.. If I, whatever we want to call them, but if you missed that first bit, how do you set up a proper project?, that's, that's where the flaw is not necessarily in the llm the first bit that Foundation, I think., it is interesting to see that now since it is easier to put a front end on things with Vibe coding the expectation. It has been raised now whereas before you would probably be doing a lot of stuff with streamlit, now you can be, let's see if we can do this in react., but I would still be in especially for this experimental. I would still be in favor first doing a weighted. Then I, if you're a python person, widgets are probably the most fun way to learn JavaScript at this point, because you might still not need the whole node Pipeline and you might still be something you can use away together with your python code that you love and you love to use,?. that would be the way I would personally think about it. One other thing. I'm I have a flashcard app that I'm making, and let's say you could do that with something htmx. Such that what we send over the wire is Jeet, not Jason but full HTML. And every every time I see a new flashcard, we send HTML back. I see a new card next makes a request. I see a card. That works, but it's not the ideal user experience. The ideal user experience would be. I want to practice 20 cards. Let's send one Json payload back. I only make the request once that's in memory. Now, I do all of my cards stuff and then at the end, I send the request back because that way it's subtle but there's a noticeable time lag because it has to make every single request, what a fetches, a new card. In the end, if you care about user experience, you have to care about JavaScript on the front end and it's fine. If you say, I don't care about it, but if you are product minded, you have to her. And that's what, that's what something that does bother me in the python Community. Sometimes there's a bit of an arrogance for JavaScript, Which I plainly find unfounded.., talk to me more about the LMS in marimo because it feels you've got other ideas. Some of this depends, a lot on what standards become available. a big reason that we were able to push for the LMS the way that we have was it because at some point MTP was a thing and because at some point ACP was a thing and in a lot of ways we are dependent on that I can dream. But I if we start planning we have to keep that in mind. A thing that we are experimenting with more now though is not much., people know how to use an llm inside of a notebook, but can we bootstrap notebooks from the start? we have this Merino new command, you can give it a prompt. And what you are able to do is say oh there's a CSV file, there, make the first notebook version. It has to do these analyzes and we'll bootstrap one from the start and the benefit of it being a notebook, is that you can look at all the intermediate results and it's very visual, you can add Charts. it's also a lot easier to spot the mistake. For her and I think that's the most interesting thing. If you plump everything in an IDE and sure you can ask some unit tests but it's hard to see the intermediate results and it's a lot easier to poke around in a notebook., that's a little bit more to think that. I'm personally very interested in. what I,. What that sparked in my mind is how notebooks are very made for humans, and Agents. I was trying to figure out,, is there a world where an agent would want to fire up a notebook and try and see things through the eyes of a notebook? Which I don't think really makes sense. But there is a world where you're interacting with the agent and when it's giving you results, you want to see it as a notebook, or you want to be able to change different contexts that it has through a notebook., one thing that I mentioned before,? you have the ATS data frame thing you can point to a variable. You can also do at errors and any errors that appear in the book, go to the llm, you can do that with a cell output. if the cell output is some weird widget that we don't necessarily have a good representation. For if the model in the back is multimodal, we make a screenshot and send that. when you say LMS can't see the notebook, the can it's that they're not always as good as interpreting charts yet, that's more thing but indeed, the raw data,? It's more., we're not going to., if you have a gigabyte of data locally, you're not going to send that to the context anyway. But what you can do is say, listen, the first five rows and the schema, and that should already make it a whole lot simpler for the element to write the query,? there's definitely this interaction, it's that we're only scratching the surface because we're starting out with this. One thing I will say, Under the hood of marimo notebook is a python file we don't have that weird Json structure thing that explosion gets,, that's the thing we don't have it's a python file. one thing that I've been experimenting with is you could build your python package in marimo. Because it's a python file. what Jeremy Howard's doing with NP Dev. there's no reason why you couldn't do that inside of my email. any example, I to write my command line apps in Marino nowadays. Because with Hyper you can do a decorator on a normal python function Marie supports pytest. if you have a cell and the there's functions in there, they all start with test underscore that we detect, those are probably Pi tests you can either test the notebook as. And we can detect when the notebook is running in the browser or when is running from the terminal. I can Define functions in Python that you can run from the command line. And with typer, I can reuse the same function inside a pytest and it's all one python file. Oh, and we support you V you can add you dependencies on top of the file and then you will take care of all the dependencies in the versions and all that for you too. Oh, and then we add llms to the mix. again, I'm I'm pretty comfortable saying that there's much stuff. Still left to uncover. But the main thing that the notebook is really good at is you can stare at it and you can you can fiddle around with it. You can play around with it and something about that is very good for the human mind. Also understand what's happening under the hood., that exploration.,. And that doesn't mean data stuff. It also means command line apps. And There's the flashcard thing that I mentioned, I need charts to the bug the timing between flashcards learning aspects. There's a name for it repetitive something, but for that aspect of the app I have I need to have charts to the bug and Marie gives me a development, that's really good. Give me charts as I'm developing and it's a python file. I can export that one function that I really want in the notebook to my class Gap and it works. Oh, and we have LMS, a common use case that I've seen with agents to debug them is creating heat Maps. To figure out if they called the tools or if they did executed the tasks, now is the time to start dreaming about those things. I guess the main thing I want to say because the way you think about the way I thought about no Books, five years ago, meets the change. Her because python notebooks are better now. That's, that's our collab being restricted by if you want to use colab, that's fine. But you can rethink that and that shit I care a lot about intellectual Freedom. My number one fear is that people. Think if you want to succeed in this field, that the only thing you got to do is watch YouTube videos and books of other people and that they stopped thinking of new ideas on their own. What I really about marimo is it does invite play you're able to explore your own ideas, a bit more and it's that intellectual Freedom that I find., we need more of that. We need more people making interesting stuff you need to produce and not consume content. I need we need more good ideas and ecosystem. That's how we move the ball forward. And in my mind when I first saw my email The reactive nature of it., corrected me a few times we need but I also notice oh if I can make sure you why with python code. Oh super amazing for prototyping and oh I found a mistake in my they don't say there because I slide shouldn't work that way. great. I'm aware of the fact that I'm a guy who works a Remo was making a massive pitch from her email at this point. dear listener, try to sympathize but the main that I do want to emphasize the dreaming aspect of it is the cool bit. That's the one thing I want to double down on I think that's a perfect place to end it., that is awesome. Cool., thanks for having me in this fancy studio and it looks Fancy from this, I trust me. Oh, that's fancy. Digital cables., what the viewer cannot see, is no problem., final pitch, then we have YouTube channel. There's videos that explain everything. Check it out. Check out Moab, we have a bunch of free compute as. Feel free to use it and we have a cool Discord. We have a great memes Channel.