Biggest engineering part of agents for Builders becomes the engine the Context Engineering., and this is my view of what Context Engineering looks. Feature form got acquired by redis. Does that signal the death of the feature store? It doesn't. It's funny because you made this LinkedIn post about this and I was trolling you, you were trolling me a new year, baiting me. I didn't take the bait one. let's talk about where going back to Emma opiates. In general,, where did emo Ops work and where did it not work? I think the promise of mlops from the early days of fear. Remember was that we were gonna have models everywhere. We're going to be hyper intelligent apps, where every time you're using an app, you would interactive hundreds of models. That was the idea. you needed mlops to be able to operationalize all those models., the reality is, is that did happen but not because of mlops, it happened because of elements formers came., and in Transformers,, or, or old, but specifically, GPT style Transformers worked. And that nice thing about them is the bar to get them in Productions, weight lower because there's no, you don't need to train them, they generically work. the Bar of how much Roi you need to justify doing. It is low. and you can hit an API exactly. it's now where do you need or where does it make sense for a business to invest to maybe have an entire mlops team, which is an expensive team and it's an operational team. it's a team that's whole job is to help other teams do things., if you start thinking of this economics of where that would make sense one, it has happened at scale., to the the use cases that we see very often. There's many, but the ones that come up a lot one is recommend their systems?, which makes complete sense. if you're recommendations are better, you make more money. There's a very short line between recommendations being better and money and I've replaced UCS fraud same thing if you, screw up., if you're fraud is better, that equals money and and at scale for every single user of your application or every single transaction that goes through. that's where we've seen mlops work and we're still seeing to this day. A lot of companies are deploying new features stores. Very doing very existing features stores. We're seeing some of the most demand we've ever seen for features stores now. And I think that's, that's Partly? Because it's forgotten and a bit. And when in the early days, when people went their own, it's the maintenance cost of those things is a wide. Did we build this thing when they're all these Solutions out there?. And the maturity curve maturity curve. You start to see that people understand the concept and they realize that it's not a postgres database., people are starting to really feel the problems and it's it's less we need this thing because LinkedIn said and hype-driven development and we're getting into this, is a huge pain and if we solve this, it would be true Roi. Wait, wait. There's there's things I want to know about the acquisition one being, what's it to sell a company? How much of a pain is it? I've heard due diligence takes years off of your life. in general,, raising around we've raised multiple rounds acquisition, I would say is more intensive then raising around It's it depends I think it depends on a lot of things you can't really say. anyway I think the acquisition here, it made sense for a lot of reasons. One being as a team there's a DNA match I think of redis. I think we resided known for useability developer experience. It's really has that Dev love but we really think about a feature forms something that we saw on. And the cool thing that acquisition for us is we got to keep the whole team is there. the feature from Team came as a whole which formed the product continues, it will continue to exist, it's getting double down on. We're getting more resources to keep doing what we're doing and build on top of it. Our product and CP is transforming into something even bigger. We'll have contact center and what we're working on there. And I think read, this is a company is in such a cool spot because it's moving and up leveling from becoming reddish. Which again is powerful. It's Swiss Army enough but it's providing that platform there to Solutions on top and becoming this Ai and ml data platform or a context platform. I think it's was the fit at the time, and it's a really good match. And, it's only been a month or, since it's happened and, I'm wearing a red sweatshirt, I'm, I really it has been even better than I expected., I'm stoked for you and hopefully, we'll get to talk to you in two years. And here all about how you've evolved through the company, and all that fun stuff.. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's really awesome and I think I think that's probably most important part., my big thing of feedback, it's same with fundraising,, you're partner who you work with is All American, a lot of companies that have been inquired and the partner in the company that part of. I was thinking more,, VC partner, but both, whoever, who, who are you working with? Who's your Champion there. Who is, who cares about this? Are they investing in this are Not investing in it. How are they thinking about it? Because you can get your own head what you want them to think and what is reality. And I think it's really important to go. Figure out what is reality, what is happening? you make the decision for yourself and your team and your invest and everyone make sure that it's a all win and unfortunately, that rarely happens and we I think are super fortunate that it did for us. Wait. red is already had a feature store or redis was doing stuff. I know, I remember them talking a lot about features stores back in the day,, feature form now is folding into redis. What is that path? Look now that you're part of redis., on the feature store part how it looks is this, read, this is always powered almonds store. a lot of companies come to us for we're building a feature store, we're going to use one, maybe we're going to use feature form. Maybe we're going to use Feast, whatever they're gonna or if we're gonna build something in-house, we need an online. Store. And rather this is the best for a variety of reasons. But the general, A vision is why don't we meet our customers and Prospects where we're at? If they're trying to solve this thing? Why don't we meet them there and have a solution for them? That's custom built of redis. rather than them having to go figure it out. And use this as a component, we can give them the full solution and features feature form. Traditionally was something that played nicely with everybody,? It was one of those things where you said the engine, the compute the storage. It doesn't really matter. We can be on top of that. Yes. And that's still true. In fact, we still have customers on other online stores today and then we'll continue to be true because this is strategy which I really appreciate and this is something that I again really resonated with me and Drew me to the company. Was we want to win on our merits, we don't want to win on, we own this thing., therefore,, we're gonna shut off Cassandra support. It's, no, let's get in and make it., the other thing that feature form on the flip side is because it's all unified. It makes it really easy to have Cassandra next to redis and have both. you don't have to choose one online store to ever, I don't know. Nice and then it's, great., if we get people on feature form, if they use feature form and pay for feature from fine, it's still rather for lettuce but our view and it's showing to be true is now that it's easier to try Reedus. You are more likely to one, try it because you have it. You have a contract of us to get feature form and then we'll show you, we'll put our our money, where our mouth is. We'll do a comparison on cost, on speed, on all these things, and you'll see that we are the best online store for this. And then, for not,, for certain use cases. Then that's fine too. I think they call that the Trojan Horse strategy. It is. But I wouldn't say it's, it's it's sure there's some aspect to that, but I think it's, it's what I is, it's in really good. Faith. It's,., we want to compete. We want to win., of course we do every company does but it's not. It's a let's make it easier for them to compare not lose due to, walls, that limit competition., oh, it's hard for us to move over to this thing. we can never, we can't,, we have to not only be bettering whatever they're using. We also have to justify the move cost and now we don't have to. We can be, cool, what's better for you and you can choose that. And it's not a trojan. Horse is a Simplicity to allow the best online store to win and we believe that's us and we've been building towards that for a long time. talk to me about redis and elastic cache because I'm not sure I fully understand what the difference is between the two elasticache and this isn't true for all the clouds. I'll talk about last cash for example on Azure we have Mr. Which is managed Reddit and that is redis. That's us., the last the cash they have. There's a fork of redness on the older version of redis and that's what's powering elasticache. and there's a lot of Things availability, speed, Etc. Even General capabilities, redis core redis, redis stress 8, recently, chorus has really pulled away and a lot of places. The other thing, though isn't redis. The Open Source product that is also read us the company and I think one thing and everything that really is interesting to me about rather this coming in. And then everything, really the vision that I really liked is Think of feature form and feature stores, read. This has always been that Database, The Core database, which people developers have always used. We always loved and that continues to be true, but we're having this art almost a platform moment. We're, cool. What are people using? Write this for, what more can we do to provide more value? Maybe a higher levels of abstractions and solutions for both agents for ML via feature stores and the variety. we have Flex which is a cold sores and SSD, which is really powerful. Especially,, for feature you use cases where you might have massive data sets after database. I remember back in the day, we did a whole before LMS came out. We had a vector search or some. I think it was similarity search hackathon, where we were using archived and, It was with redis., it's funny is the use cases rexus and a lot of vector DBS., people think of them as for rag but my sense I don't know what's true about this, but I have seen other companies and my sense is a lot of Revenue. Still comes from recommended systems for Vector DBS and they'll variety because people would think, which is interesting features for,, you'll do is, you'll generate user embeddings or either embeddings. And then you'll see,, very simple thing. Might be, I have an item in bedding for a shirt.. If I do a nearest neighbor search on that, I can get similar Shirts. and they'll do Canada generation and then rearranging and this is how to Tower recommenders work., I remember the two Tower stuff that you mentioned back in the day., I totally had forgotten about that.. Because I think Funny enough. You were the first person to talk to me about embeddings and you had What an embedding store is what you were calling it or embedding up embedding Hub. Dude. That was what? 2021.. We were I think a fish from we were one of the first Vector databases which is really funny and it's because at that point three of them I was this needs to exist but I would I couldn't have guessed, is that oh,, in six months or a year this is gonna be super huge Market because of rag and LMS which hadn't even cross my mind. I go again for Rex's use cases. Because we were seeing people using feature stores for recommended systems that's why we build it and it's really funny how that worked out and then we bowed out because it became a day the base thing and feature form itself we're born a true database company. We didn't really have that DNA But it's I've always wish we did in the feel very fortunate. Now that now there those people are call away for me. I understand the platform idea, I also know that in your talk when we were in London, you broke down this vision of, we've got all of these assets with redis and now how can we unify them for the new generation of Agents?, I've been calling it Context Engineering 2.0, which I don't know if I love that yet, but that's what I'm going with catchy. It's catchy. I'll work with it.., You gotta find find the hype words. You gotta make new terms together but but really what I'm seeing is,, when we started with LMS, I think from the earliest point, I realized that the only thing not only thing, but one of the most important things is context. And when I think of Context Engineering in rag, I always thought we over, we were too specific. Typically when we talked about rag, be able to talk about rag or vector DB nearest neighbor, look up on paragraph chunks based on the user query? That's what people think when they think Rag and But really the problem isn't that? The problem is, I have a context window. It's yay, big. I need to fill it with the most relevant and insightful information. Yes. For llm to be able to do when they need to do and I needed to be also not not relevant because then they can throw again cause hallucinations now, it turns out that are really Really good Baseline way to do. This is grab a lot a tax Corpus. And chunk it up and do rack., rag works naively. weirdly., for how,, you, Cookie Cutter of a solution. It is it works for everyone, but that's a Baseline. And we're clearly moving past that and the other parts of contacts have come up, are memory. It's a big one and I think the newest Frontier is structured data for agent. it's his mCP. But not really. I think it's a more General concept, which is how do I get? If someone asked me, this could be something as simple as I'm building a support agent. Some of, why is my originally go and find the order? Find all the information about the order which could be in postgres., it could be in the structured database, get that into contacts because the agents gonna need it to be able to solve the problem at hand., we have these three things, unstructured, data, memory, structured data. And today if we're going to do that you would build a rack pipeline here and you would build a memory service and then you would deploy some mCP servers and these things don't really talk to each other or almost disjointed contacts and they're all work differently. And my sense is We should build. Relationships between this context a memory can be associated with a document, there could be a row of data, that points to,, a few paragraphs and the rag store, almost Knowledge Graph, almost Knowledge Graph. I don't, using Knowledge Graph purely because it's overloaded. And in this space, people immediately start thinking graph rag, which is not what this is and how I would describe it. It's more Treating context as a holistic thing. There's all these indices and different ways to let's say. Retrieve data and you also need some semantic layer on top to understand that data. I think of it. I've been thinking of it as, that wish I had was graphql for agents. A waste graph draw graphql was one of these things, I was really hyped, but never, I think fully took off and graphql is a different way of building. Ross apis. Rest API is a very, input output graphql. Allows you to almost create and unify a lot of data from different places and write almost ad hoc queries and The reason why I didn't take off, was this complex to do? It could be slow and humans in general,, the engineers, input. I'll put it's much clearer and cleaner to understand. The thing is, is those axes of Freedom or graph will give us is extremely powerful for agents agents. Love having axes of freedom because they can take advantage of all that and the speed.,, parse the graphql query,, doesn't matter anymore because it's the agents to slow part, it's not the, the typically, not the theater, or travel or query. graphql. I'm trying to wrap my mind around but also how would that even work with agents? how I imagine it is this you would Define let's say you're an e-commerce store, you have users, you have items, you have orders, these things are all There could be ever tabular but they might also have documents in them,? order might have descriptions, or might have specifications or really a very, there's a mix of things, but it's, you have attributes and you have relationships. you can Define this whole thing out. You can Define or explain somehow how to get to that data. Then you expose this knowledge, graph or semantic graph to the agent Asian can be cool, I can navigate and figure out what day that exists. I can go ask for exactly what I need to be able to resolve. What's a hand, the nice thing there is, there's two parts, one is many parts but one part is Control you as the user, can really control the contextual view that the agent has, which you can't do Texas sequel, which is a whole. Another thing you can't really do it with API to mCP because you're stuck to whatever your API has and the surface area of air.. And this allows you to build a surface area of that is tailored to agents of the, abstractions and semantic layer for an agent. But you see this almost being an abstraction above all of that stuff? That is behind the veil. It's a single pane in glass., I'm calling it today. I call it, I'm calling it contacts engine but it's a single plane and glass to all of your contacts or that structure that instructure day their memory. you connect it speaks emcp, but that this implementation detail, but the agent can connect to this thing and they can go and figure out., what context exists in the world that I have access to and what does it mean? How is it related? How do I get it? They can go and retrieve what it needs in that way. And you're letting the agents figure out the semantic layer on top. that they understand, or is it humans? That are creating a document that says?, this is this data, if you're getting these queries, you should reference this, it's written in Python you do that the developer would write the in Python we could use an agent to help them do it but I think it's really important that the humans Build this to control it. I think that's a lot of what engineering becomes is that for agents, which is again, I think most of the biggest engineering part of agents for Builders. Becomes the engine the Context Engineering., and this is my view of what Context Engineering looks. At least for the next five, ten years interesting. It's more the descriptions and the pointers and the understanding of the data. It's still being intimate with the data and understanding where and what you need, but it's not necessarily writing scripts or writing different functions to get to that data. It's describing that data in a way that an agent is going to be able to understand to get it when it needs it for someone maybe, if you're listening to this and you want it to maybe see it more clearly we feature form had and still has open source product called in your mcpp, which is widely used for. And it really captures that now, in terms of CP and how is built originally was really generic. Up. Now, when you allow redis to become a dependency, You get suck because now you get a vector database, you get all of the the abstractions that read this provides underneath the hood, the caching that you might need for apis, all of that stuff becomes part of it. And that's, I think what context engine becomes is this Layer which may be mimics or looks interchem CP or is that a continuation of it but with the power of the redness database behind it. almost the red is ecosystem because it's I really how you've shifted my thinking from Reddit as this cash and something that's super fast when you need it to. Redis has these other things though and now you can look at it as an ecosystem and how can we use all of the assets that read it? Read has to leverage our agenda use cases. Yes. When you think of why people reddish there's two things one which we talked a lot about speed. She's understood rather. This is and will remain pretty much the fastest thing you can deploy for data. and, Second is the founder is a legend in his own?. What was his name Salvatore Salvatore? That's it., He's an employee of reducing it., he's awesome. that's the second reason or what was the sound that would be? The third reason that the second reason is the abstractions that people that you have. It's The Simplicity. It's almost when you look at read this you're, oh cool. I have all these types of things. I can use these different types of data structures that are built into write this and that can pick and choose what I want. And it's really, really simple. It's all tax, it's nice. the ux of this is always been really nice. And now you have a really nice ux that's super, it's Swiss Army knife. And, it does many things and they all work really quickly. And we'll write this cloud., now you get high availability and all this other stuff. You need for a production setting, you combine all that. And then you build a layer on top, which is again that almost data platform for agents, that's where we're going. And I talked about context engine which is a part of it. And I think a big, the point of contacts engine is, hey agents give agents a single pin and glass to get to the date that they need to solve real problems. Here other things we do even to our caching Heritage. we have Lain cache which is a lot of people have problems of spending too much money on tokens,? Alarms are very expensive. And when you go look at what people are using your customer support off for, you'll find that a massive percentage of questions or the same thing, 80 20 principal. Again if you were to cash naively you're oh if it's exact query gets her in it's not going to work for two reasons. One is if someone changes one word and it doesn't it doesn't match. Two is if someone's what's the weather today? Then,, you can't use the cached answer. Because yesterday, the weather was different today, what Lane cash is, is It uses it uses the vector DB residency, Vector DB under the hood. Again showing building these solution layers on top and it enables us to see is this equivalent and we look at a lot of the different axes. There's negation, which is another thing which is something can be similar, but if you add the word not and it's completely opposite. If you're,, what's the weather in San Francisco versus? What's the weather in San Diego? It's, it looks pretty much the same but that Francisco or Diego is completely changes the the contacts. And,,, we're doing all., there's much happening at this and I think the vision is to continue. We've been the Swiss army knife for the webpage for things sessions rate. Limiting everything around making web apps reliable fast at scale. I think now the vision continue to be that and I think that is still a huge part of our business. But also thinking of the future and where things are going and I think the future of this is providing contacts to agents. What? I am still caught up on, is the single plane of glass and the let's say whether it's enriched MCPE or it is this context engine, how do you give the data to the enriched mCP? Is it through tools? You mentioned that in Rich, mCP? Obviously it speaks mCP, it's in the name. as a dead giveaway to give away. But is that on your side tools? Going into the different databases? Is it?, how does that work?, there's an hmcp but talk about more. the broader vision of context engine, think of how A rack pipeline works. You take documents and S3, let's say somewhere. You transform them which is chunking embedding getting in a vector database. That. Thing you have in the vector DB is if you zoom out a little bit, it's this is a materialized view. You're projecting documents and S3 into embedding space. And that's a weird,, historically would have been a really weird transformation to do, but it it's the same, it's a materialized view. Online stores features and online stores. These are essentially materialized views. And one aspect is materializing views that you want your agency to be able to see into redis making those queryable. Reddit has a query engine called our QE which Powers the vector DB and the law of the other stuff search rather search and other things. but if you project into redis, You can then you explain what are these things and however related Harvey Associated to each other. You may become accessible, but it's not that because some things you don't want to materialize into redis verb, whatever reason. you can still support apis calls or other MCB service back to when you're projecting into redis.. And then the agent is going to get that. Is that through a tool called to redis? It's, yes, it would be through contacts engine but it would be back by Reds,? we'll be, MCPE in the end creates tool calls, and then other way to think about what enriched mCP is, or the I guess thing behind it. I've talked about the graphql thing. The other thing that I was thinking about was For a lot of use cases for mCP. It's really dated retrieval. and you find that it's very repetitive To write these tools sometimes because you have get user list users, get users by,, you end up with, very repetitive code and, and a very annoying to write code base and Bloated and Bloated. But if you do it from the day, the first Define the schema first and then attach the mCP stuff on top, you end up of MC. It's still again becomes a set of tools, it becomes an mCP server, but it is Data. First you start with the data and you define the mCP server from data. First that becomes tools as a tool first and then trying to map that to data. the data first, as in, you understand the data, You see what the data is almost trying to tell you and going back to this, maybe we can use the store example, online store. As a perfect example where you've got different skus, you've got descriptions, but you've also got numbers and orders and all of that.. You see that you are embedding all of these descriptions or the skus or you could embed things. But no, a lot of it is, gets because that's the thing is a structured data, not everything has to be., I've seen people do things they have, they put into Json, they do a nearest, a, a rag on top of Json documents, which is Doesn't work for variety of reasons. It's also not natively, how you would typically want an agent to access that data search has this place in the powerful for agents. But it's not that answer to everything. I think we've gotten to the point where we have a hammer and everything looks a nail.. it's not embedding things, it's more An orm if anyone's ever used an orm. In fact, inner temp, CP supports SQL, Alchemy directly if you have a SQL Acme around, you can turn that into and enrich, mCP server. And an orm if someone's not familiar is You would have your, you would Define your database, schema as classes in Python,? And then you define what each field is, and the type and, the indices that you would have on it and then, rev writing SQL, queries yourself, you interactive it as you would in Python and it under the hood, it'll Maps down the SQL queries. But when you're in the python layer, it feels way. More natural to work of classes and data objects. And, in order to the same idea, it's much more natural for mCP, which is really data. Retrieval to think at the classes and data retrieval function layer, then the writing,, tools that run ad hoc queries or whatever. One thing that I saw in the talks yesterday was that Json. Consumes a ton of tokens.. And when you're trying to search or you're giving agents tools to search or you're giving them access to data, A donate was talking about how they switched to CSV and it consumes way less tokens and therefore, is faster and cheaper and all the benefits,?. In this case though, I'm not sure how you would look at that. It wouldn't even be that you're giving. The data that to the agent or you would could but it doesn't it's would some people do that they'll dump an entire CSV to the agent. I've seen this before people will build this giant object and they'll dump all because they don't know how to make the agent, go find structure data. they'll dump all the structured data that they think is relevant into the prompt itself. And then in that case, it becomes really important to optimize those things. but my sense is, oh, always been that wrapper then One shot queries, where you go and grab as much context as possible based on some query and throw it into the context window. The correct way to build agents, for a lot of use cases is, don't do that. Let give the agent an interface that window to go. Find a. They didn't need when it needs it. the agent is plenty intelligent,? And nowadays out are smart and it's very rare. you're very unlikely to have a use case that you're building an agent Forum, where the agent isn't smart enough. The issue has is almost always the system, the context., it doesn't have the information or data to be able to do something smart even code generation,?, a lot of people complain, oh, users to try catches. We don't doing that or our Styles different and it's not the agents wrong,, the code that generates is likely good and fine. But it doesn't have all of the context about how you your style guy and all these things that needs to do or it's oh it didn't know. It made up a function or API that doesn't exist at hallucinated that and my sense is it's probably it's pretty much skimming your code and it's guessing what functions should be their chances. Are that function probably should be in your API if a hallucinated it. And if it can't be in your API, then that's more of again. It's a context thing. There's a Some stuff it's missing. It doesn't really understand. It's not if you didn't give it enough information it wouldn't be able to reason about your stuff, it doesn't have that and some of the problems how do you get that to it? And the way that's efficient without dumping your entire code base in the context., when you say, hey, that function doesn't exist, you hallucinate it, it responds and says, you're welcome.., I am serious. I do this. Sometimes it will hallucinate the function and I'll be oh that function is probably fine having on the library. I didn't think of it or didn't bother implementing it and I was, go make it and that's solely fine., no mistakes. No mess up., I think there's a Fascinating thread. To pull on here, with the Ways that you're using search? And the ways that you're exposing the context, the context at the time. We heard it last night. A bunch how you because you have access that doesn't mean you have intelligence to the type of answers and I think you're hitting on that point, and that's why rag, was a disaster because it was, oh, embed everything, throw it in the vector store. And then we give access to the vector store. We give the llm access to it, and it's Off to the Races, but then you're,, how much do we chunk? Where do we break the chunks? And it starts getting really confusing. And that's exactly. Why is that? We're we need to almost dynamically be doing this and Instead of saying rag is the solution? Let's give agents the Search tool when they need it., if they need it and then we can also give them other tools that are going to be valuable at the same time. The first is iteration of rag where alums that didn't run in a loop which means that they were not really able to make tool calls and do all the things that you might want to do. What they would. what you would do if you have one shot one pass. Is you're,,. I need to put everything possible into this prompt and given that problem statement,, Bragg was a good way to solve that, but now we're past that,, we can really trust., yesterday, when we were at the conference, and there's some point where I needed to move from one library to another library and I let it run and ran for 10 minutes and it came back and it had all my tests passing. I was shocked but this thing ran for 10 minutes and did it all for me and got all working., if you get an agents are on the loop, I heard this thing from anthropic where they're saying about the metric for tracking, nowadays is more about. How long can you trust an agent to work independently a autonomously without,, a human intervening and still making forward progress. What were they calling it?, last night they were talking about, it was, Interruption a mount of interruptions or something that. And if you're interrupted it, then that trust and that metric is lower? Yes, I think I didn't see that talk yesterday, but I think that it's all referencing the same thing., that's a way to track that is that they killed a job and they killed a job. That means that it started doing accounting off the rails.. Or it's was got confused. And, that's a metric to track. And then, if you're tracking them metric, they're saying it's doubling. I forget what they said. If there's ever six months, or every year, doesn't really matter. If I could doubling is nuts. Because let's say today,, it's, a few minutes five minutes is what I got. Yes, sir, I got 10 but let's say it's five minutes., that's fine. But if we're at 30 minutes in a few years, how different is that going to be? and when you start thinking I need something to run the 30 minutes, it's not you can leave it with thoughts for 30 minutes and it's gonna do something really smart, you need to give it a lot of access. To data Internet, all these things House Pro work. the way. smart. Is that a GPT Pro?. Is that if you watch what's doing it's really going in searching the web.. If you didn't let search the web and sat there and thought and in the loop, I might do better, but I don't really think it would be a lot better.. Wouldn't be that useful.. It's it's probably it's more powerful. To give access to. It's context. It's all,, it's funny because we say the word much. It almost sounds a almost doesn't sound a real word anymore, but it's all that madders is context. And if you can build proper context, you can get it to work. And this person now,, people are thinking about small Mall. There's a lot of things people are thinking about but that will always be true. The better context, you have the better results you're going to end up with, talk to me about and say, I would love to talk about mCP, MVP is, on super pay. Is it is a dirty word and in the LinkedIn world? I think now, that's whenever I see you online, whether it's on X or LinkedIn people talking about mCP, I insert that voice and remember, this is the hype word of the moment. MCPE It is., the funny thing about mCP is really all it is is you're moving tools remotely. Now why that matters? I think the thing that people Miss is, what clothes things simple. I already had tools. Whatever why are we doing this new McPhee thing? We already had to rest. The idea is this one tool Discovery all this. There's all these Concepts that exist in mCP, but don't exist in rest. Some people would argue will couldn't we build on top of rest. Insert is Probably, but For Better or Worse, we've all standardized around mCP and that's important because getting anthropic and open AI to agree on something. A standard in having all the Enterprise companies come and accept it as as the way forward, that rarely happens., that's a big deal and what it's doing and it's almost. This is, It's such a minor change in some ways. It's, we're putting the tools in that in a server. That that's the only way you could make something. Monumental happened on standards. What mcps doing? Let's think about what it means at scale and Enterprise scale to do mCP., With it, turns into is. You're separating the agent from the context layer essentially, and you are enabling teams to build and maintain in parallel, and mCP servers which are really against the state access or tool access that any agent can come and connect to and give value from. it's an engineering. it's microservices,. It's all it's almost databases. you now have access to my database or my in on another way. You can look at my knowledge here's my knowledge base, I can have this for you., yes, and and there's other piece of it which is we how did we do this before?, we put these tools directly into the agent. The problem is organizationally that doesn't scale. if you're doing many agents, you don't really want,, to be installing libraries or maintaining libraries and then trying to fit these into every single agent separately. It's much cleaner to say connect to these five things that you have access to and we start thinking of off and discover and all these other things. It becomes a lot more scalable. we have a large team to have all of these mcpn points and even in the small team, It's you're creating a separation of concerns. There's the agent how I think of it is where is the agent and a language or whatever you use. There's the agent framework, which is really explaining how the agents, what should be doing, which agents exists, how they should be thinking, and what they should be connecting to. There's a context engine, which is again, providing the window to the data which is typically backed by apis data. Maybe I'm CPS and that's that's again the thing that we are inventing and have it? As And then on the other side, there's that limit itself. And those are the three components of an agentic system where the agent workflow, the context workflow and then down a line workflow and That's it. that's it., that's all it is,, all I need is, is it's a, it's a llm running in some,, scheduled Loop or orchestrated Loop that gets data. It needs to be able to solve hard problems. it's really taking this powerful thing which is an llm and turning it into actual Enterprise solutions to do that. You need to give access to ability, to do things and ability to learn things and then you need something to. if you have multiple agents multiple tasks, you need to give it a system prompt for perhaps, you have a few different agents that create separation of concerns there to really interesting but maybe conversation for another time. But that's it. It really is that simple. And, if you separate the mCP layer or a contact layer and endpoint apis away, from the agent layer, it makes it way easier to be able to iterate on these things. Separate of each other. It's not, oh, we added a new API. We want to change the sign. I need to go,, makeup PR to every single agent or change this library and have all the agents update to this new. It Much cleaner, you maintain a service and to say connect to this thing and we will make sure it's up to date and it provides these tools or access to this data... apis or, even separating Storage and compute?, it is a number. We think of is you're suffering storage and compute., you're separating the action, the intelligence and the context, I that. Yes. And and I think that's That's how you should build agents. And I think we're handling the context there, amongst other things, but the contacts players personally, when I'm thinking about, we're good, I think we're good and said, hey, Setback. And say, hey, I'm also not surprised you have multiple voice in your head because knowing you as as I do.