And most people don't want to believe that intelligence AI intelligence. Artificial intelligence is Spike the most Insidious distracting. Information is the information that looks relevant, but is not for some subtle reason. This is why some ages, I think are a powerful idea is,, it's because context rocked, I think implies the existence of context window encapsulation. And that is, by the way, maximizing recall, maximizing Precision, maybe the largest,, install base, in chroma of chroma, in 10 years is going to be,, inside of 5 billion robots. What's context wrote? Are we talking now?.. I never gonna be, hey, everybody,, I don't get that quiet on it. You guys put out that blog and it caught fire.,, I think we're really passionate about helping developers, build useful stuff with AI and there's a lot of misinformation flying around. I think that AI is really hypey, that's because it has a lot of promise, but also that has a meeting. There's a lot of also, snake oil, and a dealer understanding what's working for people and what's not working for people at times. There's asymmetry in that information. we were hearing from a lot of developers that,, these million plus token context Windows while, advertised as being perfect. Because look, they they're very, they're very good and they don't Haystack Benchmark. They're clearly very good. It's most developers, they're intuition was,, I don't trust, Claude pass 40,000 tokens, Or opening I or gemini or any of these models,? And he doesn't you don't need to pick on anybody here and that's interesting that seems really important we should help Builders understand that. And we launched, this technical report, the multi-month investigation we tested. I think 17 plus models across a suite of a suite of benchmarks and tasks and tests to see when do models stop working the way to you expect and, Model Behavior is in there is not invariant to the length. The congressman when you use more context, both its ability to pay attention goes down and its ability to reason it goes down. And, obviously needle on Haystack is the easiest task, you have to pay attention to a needle and you have to, if you ever look at the needle and Haystack benchmarks, it's all lexical matching. There's 18 words in common but between the search query and the needle. And it's a very easy task 0 reason, power required, but of course most real world stuff oh you have to connect these 18 things together and then you need to all reason about all that and that's what we wanted to figure. Out. And,, I think that report I think it's now, 140 of views on YouTube or something that and, you got any event and people have heard about it. And I think it was popular because it's, it ratified things that people were already feeling. That's it was we all knew that was happening but we didn't have any data to point to it.. And then when you came out with that it's. Exactly. It's also funny that needle in the haystack is the only thing we had. It feels we shouldn't only have that and props to Greg for creating that because I love the needle in the haystack. But at the end of the day, there should be 20 of these to really stress, test, the context window and figure out.. What is going on and how we can take advantage of it to the map? Yes. Unclear to me, maybe the labs are with Labs. Probably already knew this really had an intuition about it. Do they have their own internal benchmarks? They're training again, that they know about,, I think the reality is that when you're a marketing, something you invariably have to pick the things where you do the best and you ignore the things where you don't do the best. And, of course, there's something that you don't do on that. Nobody else. Measures themself on either publicly, then you're definitely not going to talk about that, why would?. And,, I think also, the how viciously competitive,, the state-of-the-art large language model world, is today,, that creates a negative incentive to being as Transparent as possible about the models, strengths and weaknesses. And the most people don't want to believe that intelligence AI intelligence. Artificial intelligence is spiky, we want to believe that it's AGI. We want to play the artificial superintelligence is coming that these things should be better than humans in all ways and while that may happen someday, I'm not sure there's really strong evidence today to prove that that's the case or not the case. Again, it may happen but today we don't know but I think the best way to think about these models is that they are very spiky and what they're good at and what they're not good at and of course this is classic computers as., cost computers are incredibly good at arithmetic, much better than humans that arithmetic and of course, way worse out of the things and that that's me is the most likely honest way to approach models and their strengths and we're and their capabilities is to be honestly try to pursue,, the map of their strengths. I also want to talk about search and break down search because it has been Something that I know you think about a bunch and we can contextualize how we had keyword search or we have, we have all of these but keyword search. Then we go semantic search and then we start doing hybrid search. And then we now are thinking about search within agents and all of that feels, Problems that you need to have a strong grasp on.. If you're building with AI.. Maybe a quick addendum to that there's this term that's been thrown around now for a few years vector database. And we've always thought that that's a dumb term. These are VCS trying to meme a category of enterprise software as they do,? But that's a the problem to be solved and that's also not what developers really want to buy as a result,? These are things are very correlated problem to be solved with people want to buy they want to solve the problem of information retrieval, broadly. And of course dense vectors search happens to be one useful tool in the toolbox will impact in a second. Why? But certainly not a Not a Panacea to all of your search problems and we've never cleaned that it is either., the way that I describe what chroma is then is that it's not a vector database. But we're building is modern search infrastructure for AI or maybe modern retrieval infrastructure for AI. And the modern pieces in contrast Legacy search systems where chroma scales much better as much much, much, much easier to run, it's much more cost-effective and we really been able to put,, the last 10 years of distributed systems research. Both on the theoretical side, on the applied side, into this architecture, to make it that much better. And then, the four AI part, I think is really interesting to unpack is it means many things it means, the AI developer. it's no longer a search engineer, who is implementing these systems. It's everybody, every single engineer on Earth. And frankly, we're even seeing semi technical slash non-technical users also starting to wheat,, weighed into these waters for AI. Also means AI search and ai workloads. Ai workloads are different than classic. Search workloads, classic search workloads. You have,, one giant index that everybody's querying and AI workloads. You'll have many indexes every team, every workspace, every user will have one or many search indexes that they want to query over. And that's a much different shape workload that the technical level. And then I think the other observation here is that In the past, humans were the ones, doing the querying, and humans were the ones, doing the last mile of search, which is digesting the search results, and much of search for. long has been about 10 Blue Links because that's all that a human brain really can assimilate and absorbent process at a time. But now, with llms, they are doing a, the majority of the querying and they're not doing one query. They could be doing 100 queries. And for every query, they're not processing 10 Blue Links, they could be processing, tens or, hundreds of thousands of pages of documents. And that's a much different thing at the end of the day. Also to interject about how you have. The shape of search different with these many teams that are doing different queries on different, corpuses of data. And sometimes it overlaps, sometimes it doesn't I hadn't thought about that. And then the next thing of, Search now has transformed from Tumblr links where we as a human interact with it in a way that we're looking for. That headline. Is this relevant to me? We click into it. We look and maybe, maybe not know, try to process as much information as you can and then give it back out and see if we can get that squeeze the juice out of this great fruit as much as possible., exactly. And I think, the way to reason about this pipeline, then of, how do you bring information to the model, or how do you give the model a tool that it can use to go get information? And I think a two-stage process is a good way to think about it. And the first stage is you want to maximize recall you want to get all possible relevant information because if you miss one piece of relevant information you go get it wrong.? And of course, if you're maximizing recall, you're not going to be maximizing Precision, by definition,? firstly, first age is maximized recall., unpack that in a second, and the second stage is maximizing Precision because also contacts wrote,, contact us or not. Perfect. They're very sensitive to distractors as. And you want to, then a massive pool of relevant information, maximizing recall and then call that pool down to only the most relevant bits before you have the model. Do it a final reasoning pass over it. And this two stage pipeline it is a helpful way to think about the goals. Because do you see still that, as you mentioned it's very prone to distraction very I've noticed that, sometimes you give it more information and then that fucks everything up.. Oh., we've seen for sure,, within we've done some experiments and, agent learning and they're intuitively who makes sense., if you give agents access to Prior similar situations, where it did a thing and it was successful, give it a few examples of that from dynamically if you shot prompting when it comes to a similar situation again. Oh this would be really this would be helpful. I the human would find that helpful probably and what we find the models tend to slide straight into that local Minima. And they're, oh my gosh! Thank you. You already gave me the answer. I don't think about this anymore and, the most Insidious distracting information is the information that looks relevant, but it's not for some subtle reason. And,, this is definitely a hard problem. Wow.. And that, a bit of a tangent goes into this whole thing on memory of task, completion, and how you can help the agent complete tasks that it's already done before or that it has done before. And you're, hey, you've done this before, remember how you did it. But if it is a slightly different and it looks the same, then you send the agent off and it doesn't do it. And you're why you were close? You had everything you needed... It's definitely not a solved problem. I think that,, the the data pipeline of retrieval or a part of the solution of what people want to call memory, which is Engineering in some sense,? There's a path how do you glean insights from prior contexts and And how do you store those? And then there's, a reed path where your path. How do you use those prior insights in the Next Generation by the continual the same trace or for historical traces but it's. then solve problem, I think the data piece is certainly an important part of it, but not also. Again, they Panacea they're probably needs to be some learned representation to really be the level of expressive that we want these things, to be able to be. And I think the goal really is to be able to communicate Tacs and knowledge to models and models, the themselves, lean toxicology as they're doing things and build up a library of skills and I think the library of skills. Again, both exist in documents load into a search index but also probably need to be some way and into the weights of something., all I got you off track with precision and recall.. And you're talking about how you want to maximize both of these first. It's recalled and its precision and then maximizing recall. I think it's worth unpacking that because you asked a question about,, dense vectors search text search lexical, search, Many terms. That's true. It's surged. There's much misinformation on the internet about this. And, I'll make the point,, unless you have data, it's you're an opinion,, and there's many opinions flying around and there's it's mimetic too,?,, and does this. Therefore I should do that,, have you even thought for a single moment about either why they do that or they're? They're skills. Exactly, I don't know if you remember back in the day we used to always say in the community When people would come in and be, I'm gonna build this gigantic ml Ops platform. I need these tools and this, because, and then we're gonna throw it all on kubernetes. And it goes to the meme of I have 12. Concurrent users. I guess I'm ready for kubernetes and then we would be sharing the same article which is you are not Google. It's that. Classic blog of, don't trick yourself into thinking that you need something that Google needs because Google scale is a whole different level. They're company, their business is a whole different level and. Back to this point of you need to really be Discerning on what you see and why they're doing it that way because they do it. take inspiration but don't think that it's the Bible. Exactly. And I'm packing this goal with first stage or first step of maximizing recall how did how to think about that? you should think about it. First of all you shouldn't copy and paste with somebody else's done you should spend the five minutes. To think about it. And, for some applications, get to be, what information, which files are currently open. For other applications. It's going to be wish files or make sure recently touched or recently created reasons. He can be important for other other situations,. It could be semantic similarity. It could be text matching lexical matching. I think a good way to reason about the strengths weaknesses are dense and dense bars and lexical. Search is Dense is useful when you don't know the language. Of the corpus. Naples, say that the other way full text search is very good if the words to search for. And in most Enterprise search workloads, you'll see lexical full text searches being, the primarily useful tool because I'm looking for a document that I made in the past., I already know. I remember where I can't remember where it is, but I know what I named it.. I know what words are in it and, this is not that hard to find document using lexical search. Semantic, search comes really helpful when you need that semantic expansion. You need that term semantic matching. I don't remember, even what the words were, but I need to go and find it around this idea. Exactly. Exactly. And these tools are again, not I think most applications is not an either, or the complementary. Now might be 90/10 or 1090, depending on the use case,?, which of those are the most helpful, but I think it's, almost never in either. Or in the court. This way people call hybrid Circle, things a dumb phrase because, nobody knows what it means, it means 10 different things and we should not call it that, she's be, oh, I'm using X Factor search and lexical. Search say that., it's a mouthful, though, it is an awful, but at least it's, at least people talking about.. I think that going back to the dense and Sparks, and, closer all. there's this recent, I will This recent paper from Google on the limits of single dense embeddings. Great mathematically provable. I think every already knew it. But again as this good use of it put,, math around with reality, new improved. It which is great,, dense embeddings have their limit. And of course, the entire internet there's graph that shows bm25 search as it's perfect flat line and then all these dense vectors approaches failing and much much lower quality. And again, that's fine. That's not wrong. But if you go and look at you, look at the actual data for, they use that experiment. And you look at the queries, they are all lexical searches. And, of course, between 25 is gonna freaking crush it at that because, 25 is,, full text Search terms frequency bass. And, I was gonna do it very good at that task. And of course, again, the Nuance is important to helpful, but,, what the mean that went to the internet was that, oh my, Gosh, all the dense vectors stuff is BS. If you useless you need 25 and maybe that's true for your use case but maybe it's not and again I'm really now ranting about what people aren't thinking enough. I'll stop there., I want to bring in one other piece, which I think is important with search which got brought up a few weeks ago on the podcast with my buddy. Nishi. And he was saying how For him, a lot of his search woes and problems. Come in when someone searches for Romantic dinner and it's, semantic, search. can do that. The idea is there, but it's not quite there and he was having the hardest time because what was happening is you would come in and be, all, romantic for you means what you need a bit of personalization. if you're talking to the lemon and you're saying, I want to plan me a romantic dinner with my wife,? But romantic is for you is one thing for me. It's another thing and and then he was saying you can really have problems on How we have you asked the new type of. Experience when you're trying to bring old stuff into the new ux that we have where people can ask anything and say anything., and I wonder if you've seen that where,, these, these two types of searches are not breaking down completely, but, you don't have them there. And another example that he gave which I'll think about too. Is how We're semantic search. Didn't really work? Is if you are a vegetarian and you say, I want vegetarian pizza. It's not normally going to give you cheese pizza as an option because that's not tagged as vegetarian. Mmm,? and even in, in Vector space,, vegetarian pizza.,. Cheese pizza is way over here. Totally, totally, totally, or even more complicated to say, me, a romantic dinner tonight.. No,, which is open, which ones are close to you and your budget.. And your vegetarian, and,, it becomes a pretty complicated query. I think it is a thing that an LM 10 internally process fairly., he doesn't have to be all rigid explicit system, but I think,, the rating dinner piece I think it's possible to get that out of vector space because how I would approach that., let's say, I'm Yelp,? And I want to support, romantic dinner. I'm going to take all the reviews and then I'm going to Have an L, have an LM generate, maybe 20 to 30, tags,, for every review, and then those 23 tags can become clusters., I understand. Now what clusters of ideas are, commonly associated with this establishment and then I can associate,, either the centroid of this clusters, or maybe all the information, those clusters with that business. And then now, when I start romantic dinner, and as somebody else said, whatever a synonym to romantic is cozy and intimate evening meal,, you might be able to get that from the reviews I don't know that that is impossible to get out of vector space. But I'm see that level of fourth thought that you want to support the a query, and then the level of then work required to make that query possible again. Requires you to think it's not all for free.,. You can't slap cement search on it and be we're good now. type whatever you want. you can but your competitor is doing more. Work. And therefore, your competitors product is better.. And that means they're gonna win.. Experience is gonna be much better. Exactly, exactly.. I tend to these days when I look for coffee establishments because I V60 and I the,, the specialty coffee.. I don't type in. Cafe because that can give me anything from Starbucks to Dunkin' Donuts,?.. What I'll do is I try to search V60 as a term and you have the cafes that come up and they'll they'll show. But this is super easy because it's a review has V60 in it,? But sometimes on notice that the review doesn't have V60, it's, oh, this is a specialty coffee place or this is a coffee roasters. And there I'm, hey, this is interesting search issue really that shows how you've adapted to the strengths of weaknesses of the system., I think one of the interesting Ux challenges and opportunities now with LMS, because we all became very good at Googling., and, how do I compose this question? I have into a set of terms and minus signs most friction and we all learned how to search but within the limits of Google's oncology and there was professional search Google Earth.. he doesn't know that our way better at people that are way worse PDF,, the whole shebang and now llms it's a its beautiful a magical box and that's a good thing because users don't have to,, do the mental,, gymnastics. How do I change the question that I have into this particular domain syntax Google is going to accept, that's a better user experience, but of course, that means that users are going to ask a lot more questions and a lot wider variants. And,, in some ways, I think the cool part about user research protective is now. Application is do have a larger surface area of how they can help their users and of course that's a blessing and a curse.. The blessing is you can do a lot more. It's pretty. It's pretty cool. The curse is that you have to do a lot more and again it's not all for free. and you're you're now supporting all these different use cases and all these different ways that users are doing it and If one of them is a shity experience, you're struggling.. I as a user, am not going to look at this new AI feature that you created as something that is worth my time,? And,, it brings me back to context wrote in a way because if now, we're talking to these AI features much and we're continuously going back and forth with them. You put yourself in the position to have that context wrote,? But you have to almost be a janitor of the context and really get good at. Cleaning it.. And one thing that I saw last night from a guy at the event he was, I'm trying to create a jupyter notebook style thing for the context window and I want to be able to turn off different pieces of my contacts because it's not needed because maybe there's sometimes that I'll ask something and then it's there in the context and it's always referencing.. And now It made me think, oh man, context. etiquette or not etiquette, but context, cleanliness is a thing in a way., 100%, you both see it in, multi-turn, user Model, A conversations Jetty, Etc. You also see it inside of a genetic Loops where there's LM running in a loop and it's,, getting some context generation output and then it needs to generate then it needs to receive that output into itself and then generate,, more information and I think your intuition is exactly. Which is this eventually breaks down., we've seen stuff inside of cloud code, there's the slash compact command which does a summarization and tries to clean it up. I think I saw something from the cloud code team on Twitter recently, where, they don't use compact, they they dump it. They clearly., clear it... And we've done some research that is shown that verified that result that naive summarization of the context history is no better than drinking., of course we start from scratch is also cheaper because you're flushing, all that baggage. begs the question though How should we think about? Prior State being available to the current iteration for Again by their multi-turn user conversation or an agentic Loop. And I think one way to think about this is this certain compaction content compaction or context when they're distillation or somewhere there and it is not a solved problem, I don't know, maybe a solve the problem, but there's a few interesting ideas,, one is a user prompt of some kind to help the model isolate, the relevant relevant High single pieces and then pass those down to the next step. Because a lot of, crafting agents, you jumps of laws and these jobs of test results and it can't pay attention to all that. giving a model the ability to snip out the piece that are important for the next turn to the model detailed prompt. I think is a hell, is more helpful than a generic prompt. And then the other thing that'll say, is that, another interesting approach to this that I've seen some people take is that they give the the next turn of the loop, whether it be the next model or the agent, the ability to search In the history of that actual individual conversation trace or whatever. And, these things are not also mutually exclusive. You can do both obviously but it's not easy. How are you seeing the search done with that in within the context or within the model doing that? Because that does seem The obvious step to take,?, hey, if we make the search, the big piece here?, it's the theme of what we've been talking about this whole time. how important search is and how not solved yet. It is are still there's still a lot to be done in the new paradigm.. I see the way that most people are doing this now, the predominant strategy people use you call it search. But it's It is search but it's also maybe not search, is they'll use a file. And the file will have the list of to Do's,? I want to see the teacher, I need these 15 things in this order and then each checkbox gets encapsulated by one agent locations, which minimizes or helps cut down on the baggage of all the context from all the difference. the sub agent ideas. Exactly. This is why I said ages. I think are a powerful idea is,, it's because context rocked, I think implies the existence of contact window and capsulation. That's why he's a good idea. in any cases., of course their challenge was that agents which all of a sudden has to be able to report up to the orchestrator agent the compaction information as. It's I got your next paper, man. how many sub-agents until you get sub agent Raw? It, we've looked at this a little bit. We've done some experiments with a deep research agents which are this shape of thing. A little bit different. You're not a checklist that you're running down but it is. The orchestrator says,, these are asked this question. I want to look at these 85 places, I'm gonna have, 85 sub-agents. Go out and do a bunch of research, but I was study agents. Can't bring back all the research that they find, they have to compact before they boil it up to the orchestrator,? And I think in,,, state-of-the-art today, maybe is the Deep research and implementations inside of Clawd,, Etc. And I don't know if you've used those with topics that about. But yes, usually this.. You're, I guess. But I saw a great tweet that was, I used to research the other day for something that I know a lot about and it wasn't very good. I'll use it for everything else instead. which is, It's the point, hence, the nail on the head,?, what I think is also something that never happens is, when you have these sub agents, and they go and do their research and then they come back., they're never gonna tell you. I didn't find shit. It wasn't relevant,, don't use me as a sub-agent., that is not one of the out of all the possible outcomes I can guarantee you. That's not one of them, probably speaking. the ability for models to know what, they don't know. Still seems unsolved and of course you can put into the prompt if you don't know, please reply, I don't know. And then that can work and it doesn't make some models, are more cautious than others. clawed is much more cautious about claiming to know things versus opening eyes willing to take more leaps for example and again that's not always it depends on the context whether that's a strength or weakness but probably the conservativeness of Claude is a reason that developers tend to really clawed because it doesn't blow up your database it doesn't go delete shit. I I'm sure there's examples of it leading shit. then I feel I got you off track again. When we're talking about what we're talking about with the you're spawning these sub agents and they're coming back with their information. It's I've heard it put as in accordion, where you can look at an accordion and it goes out, and it gets all this air and gets all of this stuff and then comes back in and you condense it down to these five slits... And that is by the way, Max doesn't recall maximizer. I that. Same great. Visual of. All, we're gonna get everything and then we're gonna figure out what's important. Exactly., you recently put out Android chroma or what is it exactly released from a swift into beta and then imminently, we'll Antico Madrid. Is it somebody that uses chroma on their phone? Or is it that now you have a chroma instance on the edge?, give me the brake device intuition, here is that? Intelligence will be everywhere. Certainly in the cloud or already is increasingly on devices that you own your laptop, your phone?. And inside of every device, as we know it in the future maybe we'll have Devices that were previously inanimate to become animated,, talk to the plant behind me or something. I don't know or the cameras. I'm sure there's a world where we don't have to hit auto-focus when we say all.. That would have been great.. And then within that there are trade-offs, there are pros and cons to doing. Surgeon retrieval locally on whatever device that is versus the cloud and they don't have to be music exclusive. You can also do both. And most use cases that we see people doing stuff on the phone and I've also having a cloud syncing story going on, but of course local its privacy preserving you can give the user those guarantees. Local is also going to be if the facto faster because going over the network and then local is also going to be you don't have to worry about you can be in a place where there's no reception.. offline connectivity and then also sorry cheaper as. If you're doing the compute on the device, you already own, you've already paid the money for that compute and you can now use that compute as you want and,, those are very good reasons to do things. I think probably the Privacy preserving reason at the biggest, use case that I feel exists there, it's really great to be able to have users do things on their own device and not have to worry about the data being aggressed unless they explicitly wanted to be.,. But there's a lot of really exciting stuff there., we're a little early still and the Arc of this, but I think also the reason that Chrome is written in Rust and, because Chrome is written in Rust, it can run anywhere.., we all., there's some early early work in, getting chroma to run on robots. Because they're all gonna need their own level of memory and. maybe the largest,, install basic in Chrome of chroma in 10 years is going to be inside of 5 billion robots, you could think about that way. and what was it, what was the engineering feat that had to happen? Did you? Make it super lightweight that people could grab it and have it on. Their device without any worries that this is going to break my phone.,, rust gives you a lot of safety and guarantees which is useful. We Have now a single node version of chroma, which you can run as a server. We also have a fully distributed version of chroma, which you can run across many nodes and a cloud environment. That's also serverless. And then that single node version can also be run as a library embedded into any given context. today people very frequently use chroma in Python with python bindings, all the underlying rust and they'll use that inside of jupyter, notebooks, or inside of Python scripts or demos or all kinds of other., contacts. It's really useful to not have to have a server if you're doing something your weight, but of course when you're ready to go to a server, the API is the same and you change how you connect to it. And then when you're ready to scale to,, petabytes of data in the cloud, you get, you change how you connect to it. And, I think that as always been our goal, it's aspirational. It's not easy to do but we wanted to make sure that wherever you have a search or retrieval workload, chroma is there to serve you. I that. And you don't have to pick and choose. Do I want this or that? The answer is you can have both and it's the same API. What made you think this was necessary? Were you hearing people ask you for it and they were I'm building this app but I need something super small. I need to have it on device.. What? Not not everybody I guess but the ideal version of running a company is you do have a vision of what you're building. in the Visionary card on me, I'm not going to I'm going to walk it back immediately but hear me out. You have a vision of what you're building is 10 years in the future, but the reality is that in business you get 0 points for being write 10 years from now, that's true. Does not matter at all. Would you have to do is be? Six months from now and Ultimately, you really have to be, this is cliche to be clear, but you have to be obsessed with your customers and what they are ready for what they need and want. there's no reason that we couldn't done chroma on mobile. A long time ago, but nobody cared until very recently. It was in the last few months we've started to see more people really want that. But why do you is there apps that are being what apps are being built? It's it's a lot of AI chat stuff. It's a lot of media you have on your phone that you want to research and retrieve over. I can't I can't clean predict. why the exact timing of these things happen?, similarly we're chatting off camera before we got rolling. Here is,, accuracy. We've always thought is incredibly important., you can only manage what you measure, why would you not want to know how this thing is in the real world? And then nobody has really seen to care that much and Niche of developers and Engineers have always cared obviously, but the masses haven't? And we've, held off doing much work in that domain and particularly the most of it is not research. Most of it is Product? We've held off for the reason that not we didn't think it was important but that the our customer base didn't yet believed it was important. There wasn't a masks from the community hey we really need to get this accuracy thing solved. some,, exactly. Sometimes people say they want a faster horse they want as a car,. But they maybe that's true. But when they say they want to faster horse,, you you can't jump all the way to selling them, a supersonic aircraft,. And I think being very sensitive to the timing is is an underrated underrated skill and you can use the word taste I think., tastes maybe another history. The Lindy version of the worst case is wisdom and it's hard because a one-hand again you you have a vision what you want to build and you stay very true to that vision and believe it incredibly deeply at the same time. You need to be very Reactive. But you need to hold that Loosely., you're near term plans and it's no no plan has survived the first minute of battle,? that's that is absolutely the case., that's such a great point because you get All these inputs. I imagine every day of people that are asking for things and ideas that you're seeing out there and then you think, wow, we're going to do it this and when you bring it to the masses then it's we might need to change it. How it's done this but it's through those iterations that things happen. This is why I tell myself that,, the time that I spend online,, is goodbye time it's your Twitter time. Taps me into the public Consciousness, if you will. this is very Visionary on the Chrome and running anywhere at any scale. What else are you thinking about? As far as the vision of how things are going to change? Is it on the Precision side or you can start building now, 4 Precision, because it feels people are interested in it. I think it's very good intuition. We don't have the specifics either planned out or register all the thinking about, but I'll share a high level observation. Which is, the reason that chroma started is, I had worked in applied, machine learning and developer tools for 10 years and Building Technology with machine learning, now we call it AI. Thank you, thankfully, we've dropped calling it Jenai, very happy about that. Oh, did I still see some shit? Somebody the other day was Jen aiops. I'm oh really? That's that's the term. That's not term. we're gonna say it now. No. Sorry. I digress know.. the goal of chroma Going back to that experience. And honestly, the pain that I felt building stuff with Applied machine. Learning a lot of his in the computer vision domain is This is really powerful. It could change the world but it feels a lot more Alchemy than it does engineering., I'm sure you've seen the xkcd comic where the person's,, oh this is your machine learning Pipeline and he's the guy standing on a pile of garbage. And he's the follow-up questions, what if it doesn't work? And the guy in the garbage is, oh, you,, you fix it.. Mix it up. And try it again,? And that's still the case,? That's still the case today. It's true and change some proms. We turned the temperature. We try and figure out the recall whatever.. true. And, I think,, a lot of the labs maybe because they're fundraising requirements have to Market. This idea that, we're building God, we are building a deus ex machina. We're building a God will emerge from the machine and it will solve all of our problems. And we don't have to pull that party line because we don't care, frankly about that. And I think it's wrong. And our term has always been AI is useful. And we have stickers. I'll give you security AI is useful. And of course, it's only useful. If you give it the information and the context and it's only really useful, if it can learn from that information too. And, that's the stuff that we are really excited about. And really seeing to be where the people on the bleeding edge of agents are running into the edge., current capabilities is we have these large state of the art reasons. They're powerful. Anyways, they have their own weaknesses obviously, but you can work around them. We have also,, these retrieval systems, search systems, they are very good, what they do as but it feels the map's not complete yet. Because Again by definition, we're not getting the capabilities that we want. And again the capability that I want is,, if I pick up a cup one time and I put it back down, I know how to do it again. I don't have to,, think for 45 seconds for how to do that and that ability to learn from experience, is something that would be incredibly useful for making useful stuff because the real world is practically complex and the real world has much many education, I think people that work machine learning a long time. the phrase getting mugged by reality,, will resonate quite deeply. And and we need a systems that can can learn to adjust edge cases. Otherwise,, we're doing what we've done, what we did in computer vision and autonomy in the first era. Or we're putting on, 100 Band-Aids on top, and around this thing to try to make it work. that's why it became hard to put any ml model into production, because it's, it's exactly that., and there's if you're in the Enterprise, there's much alignment that needs to happen. And many meetings that you need to have cleared because it is A lot more risky than software. It's not running the way that you think it's gonna run every single time and,, you have to be with that for your use cases,? You probably remember this phrase from because maybe 27 teen. Means 26, 2018, it was inside of things, either the title of a Google paper or inside of Google paper that was machine. Learning is the high interest, credit cards, go of technical debt. I still quote that we had these go on here, back in the day and it was, legendary, it was one of the first people that I was interviewing. I was, oh, how am I on this call now?. And it is that. And, what's funny is, there's that new way of looking at it, where you remember the diagram in that? Oh. Where the model was the small piece and then everything around it. Yes. It's the same thing., it's that now the stuff the boxes around it have changed.. But it's that's where the hard part is and it's a little bit easier. The, because now, we can hit an API for the model, you don't have to create the model but still it's the same idea.,. What's old is new again?. Did you get a professional to design? This will TJ is a professional. no, the the office. Oh, the office. Yes, we also had professional do that., but not some guy, our team obviously.