All. You all won the hackathon. Congratulations. What did you build? We have built a solution to this pain point that we've all felt, which is booking group trips that EuroTrip summer Euro, summer that you're looking for. With 10 of your friends is very difficult to coordinate. If anything becomes its own full-time job between,, all the conflicting preferences, your friends, have to the flights that you need to book than the hotels, that need to follow afterwards. And, we build an AI travel agent, which coordinates among your group of 10 friends. Everything from the ideal destination takes in all the preferences from your friends and comes up with the best travel plan. But not only that. It also does The Last Mile, which is booking all of the flights and the hotels and even ordering food, checking the weather., we did it up for the hackathon and shipped it and we're excited to see 19 or. People sign up for the we have Revenue. Did we don't think vacations should be a project, they should be a relaxing activity. Not a planning project. What were some of the technical challenges you ran into as you're building it? Of course.. we iterated quite a lot. On our design, the very first challenge was. What is the system going to look? And how much can we build in these? five six days?. we ended up changing quite a lot. And we came up with this pretty crazy. Big infrastructure. I think one of the biggest challenges was probably integrating all of the agents together and getting them to use many different tools. It can get a little bit on the wheel,. It can get a little bit messy,, if you if you have an agent and you want to do anything at all? You have to coordinate it you have to put a lot of guardrails and I think we did an amazing job with that year.. I think it was it was pretty cool., for a lot of this we're at the Teck Frontier in terms of what's possible with with these, with these tools. Marissa was doing payments and getting an agent to securely pay for on your behalf with no human in the loop is quite difficult. we managed to do this with this cool tool called Sky Vernon passing in credit card and all of this stuff. We also looked at stripe and they're very Sapphic with it multi-model, you can call it talk to it via WhatsApp, you can have it on the phone call, you've got an orchestrator that doing multiple tasks and then calling all of these other agents that are then trying to chat to you. That was pretty fun. Another thing, which was, which is They've released 11 Labs which is our voice API released dial tones. you can now programmatically interface with,, when you call the doctor and it says dial one to do to do this or data or you need to get through to the hotels and reception. And it's,, press 3 to X. We now have that integrated and that was only released last week. we said, hey, we need this feature. They happen to be building it. They released it. And now we're using it as a week later. very cool. Explain more. How I interface with this agent, is it I drop it in to my WhatsApp chat with all my friends.., initially at the moment we've said it up that you, you will have a little phone call with it and give it your preferences and you see, it has your phone number and then you have a chat and a user profile and it will then either call you or what's up, you going forward, but if it's pretty flexible, you can do that several things to do that. Super cool. And I'm thinking about all the times that I would want this, or now, I'm planning a trip with old friends a ski trip and we all have families. And it's all very difficult to organize every little piece of that,? And thinking about, An agent that can help me know when the best time is for everyone know where we are going to go and know, what our budgets are between all of us and all of that stuff. Then that's already a feat in itself, but the flights feel how did you do that? We tested with a number of browser, automation tools, which exists and they specify a workflow or through these tools. You can specify a workflow that says, navigate to this site, make these clicks. And we found that a lot of the tools in the out there in the market now are quite unreliable but we landed on Sky Verne which did a lot of the work in out of the box, everything from defining, a workflow to navigate to booking.com or any travel agent site. enter the search parameters that you require. the flight dates the destination and then find the cheapest flight based on your prompt. And then, finally, The Last Mile, the most difficult part which is what Charlie talked about, which is entering your payment details, it has natively supports persisting, your payment, your credit card, details and safely, inputting them into the form for you. A lot of the hassle was covered by these great developers who built the tool. How are you getting the credit card details from folks? Is that on that phone call either through the phone call or through WhatsApp but for the purposes of this demo we wanted to keep it secure and we stuck with our own test credit card, loaded with a pre-defined. I guess a fixed limit., say the ongoing Solutions, this we were playing around with a few things about what could be done within within the few days and stripe is giving us access to. They they set up a new tool, it's in private beta at the moment and we had a call with them at 1 a.m. on the other day. They were super. Super nice. shout out to stripe for that, but they're giving us access that they've set up this thing called it's a one-time payments card. you have your bank card that links to and the user would would put that in and then they'll create a one-time virtual card that will be used specifically for that transaction or authorizes, a certain payment amount. And then after that, the agent has access to that uses it for the transaction and then afterwards, that disappears., that would be, oh, that's how we'll set it up. And are you double checking with the user before your buying this stuff? Because I imagine it could get really dangerous when you're, oh, we bought you a first class ticket to Europe.. We are, of course, asking the user for For confirmation, the more of a long-term idea is to have a plan that will be displayed to the user in the app but also sent to the user as an email, as a WhatsApp, message, whatever, for every single thing. they can modify it or confirm it and the agent will go off and execute all of these options. we're finding to make it way more flexible and way more, I could see that I would want this,, click Apple pay it pops up and it's working in the background and then you click for Apple pay and you go. All cool I verify that I'm all with spending, 300 bucks for this flight or for the deposit on the hotel or whatever it may be.. Asian pops it in the group chat,, this message. If it's all good, everybody likes the message. You've all paved. you could imagine that, that would be exactly how it goes. it's it's coming soon., is this a company now or? We have Revenue. we had. We have people signed up yes, it is. It's good.. And entirely within the hackathon, by the way., what was it? 24 hours, 48 hours.,, we had this thing. Internally. We were Revenue by Tuesday, Revenue by Tuesday. we put up a post on, on the Sunday on Twitter. We were put a bit of promotion behind it and went and talked to laser people around here and people really happy to support that they're,, this is cool I can see the value of the use case and then they signed up, we, oh my God. Somebody's signing off the living. Oh, they did the link is yate travel.,, travel. All. You got another user in me. All, I it. Is there anything else you want to hit on?, shout out to the rest of the team I think. There were five of us and Ferg and Alex as that around the conference somewhere., the tech team was really awesome. We thought there was another team we're all from a developer group called unicorn Mafia and, if you're a developer interested in hacking and get in touch, we're always Keen to hacking., you have to fill in the form