, you flip the problem on its head, instead of constantly asking the questions, the model and are giving back an answer. You set up this lens and then you stream, your real-time physical AI data through the lens. And now, you get this very rich structured output that you can then build into a bigger, a bigger system, which we typically call a physical agent, That's. I am., Palo Alto., but I would take you for more of a Celsius guy. You're. You're. I grew up in Northern Ireland. that's where my slightly interesting accent is coming from., it is one that I couldn't play off the bat., I've been I've been here since 2011 is when I moved to the US and do my postdoc, I've been in the US for a while. it's a bit. at this point and you've been doing cool stuff with Physical Ai. And I know that you were at Google you Did a lot of incredible things there. Have, since spun out a company, you were leading the charge with physical AI but I recognize that. My first thing, when I heard the word, physical AI, I thought instantly about robots. I imagine you. Get that a lot. Can we clarify terms? What are you talking about? When you say that? Sure, sure. This is a great place to start., robots are definitely physically., they're a key part of it, but when others, I think, in this field talk about physically AI, they may really think about robots and maybe autonomous driving and then maybe stop there at archetype We are thinking much bigger than that, and we're really thinking of any use case in the physical world in the real world where you have some form of sensor, and you need to make sense of it,?, think from owner abroad that is,, of course, that includes robots, it includes self-driving. But,, think of a large Factory big machines. In those factories, they have hundreds of different types of sensors in them, typically to measure the, the presser pressure, and the voltage and,, gear, rotations per second, and all of these type of things, and they're great, indicators of what's going to happen with that machine,? Think of all the cameras, you might have around that factory to help monitor the safety of workers and High efficient the logistics are getting shipped over and everything else,? think of all the the electrical grid that's physical... VR are all in a thing where you have a sensory in your trying to be do projection on the world and to projection digitally on top of that,? it's very broad. It's a really Big area. And really we have a,, an archetype, we're trying to build this horizontal plop form the understands the physical world that customers can use to build on top of for their vertical and the breadth of customers. We have that come to us, is wild. everything from, autonomous driving to people in factories to folks that want to put sensors, two kilometres underground in a big drill drill head or something and Each of these users is very different, the requirements are very different, but really the thing that unites them all is they all have some sensor in the world and they struggle to make sense of it with,, traditional machine, learning techniques or traditional signals that processing techniques. And they, they want, they're busy missing that intelligence layer to map sensors into reasoning and then to be able to take some action on top of that,? for us, physically, AI is really not intelligence layer. That's able to perceive reason and act on the physical world in any form. it's very Broad and you're not talking about, A model that will be multi-modal by. Default that can understand things as higher level abstraction, you throw everything at it, whether it is Cameron data, or it sensor data that comes tabular form. It's more specialized models in that case, for the specialized use case,, our goal is to build one big foundation model, the customers can plug lots of different sensors into and then they use natural language to love that focus it on their use case. When it comes to deploying the model, they may need to take that really big model and then break off a slice of it and,, compress it down for their use case to,, for example, to deploy it inside a drill, that goes, many kilometers on the ground. I'm not sure if you need to know every single possible fact in the world to put it underground,? There's probably Bob Dylan song. Yes every Bob Dylan's on,? Or all of the presidents of the US there's a lot of knowledge there that is required initially for the foundation model to understand what's happening. But then once the use case you can break off a subset of that model compressive, very efficiently. And then that's the thing. You deploy in the real world,? But the best model or the mothership model that the customer start with is a much Much bigger model that you can't plug in many many different types of sensors and then you can apply natural language to focus. What that model is paying attention to. Typical use cases could be. You plug in,, four different cameras, for example that are overlooking the Factory and then all of the time series sensors from a big large machine inside the factory. And you focus on,, what is the health of that machine now,? imagine if a technician comes up to it and starts to take it apart to do maintenance on it versus the gearbox and the Machine and start slowly getting out of sync without taking in all of those different sensors. the model has no idea. Why the gearbox rotation is changing,? It could be because it's getting out of sync or it could be because know there's a person about to repair this now and they're taking off all of the,, other brackets and that's causing the machine to start to vibrate more, for instance,?, being able to plug in all of these different modalities and use natural language to steer them all for real-time, safety, alerts, or for being able to predict when a machine, might need to be repaired or being able to help that technician as they're walking through the repair manual, the model can read the manual, it can walk what the User is doing in the world, it can look at the sensors that come out of the machine. It confuses all that together I think and I can help the technician move through the steps to prepare the machine safely on the order for instance,? we one big model that you can essentially use natural language to control and then focus on the task in the real world and add some wild stuff. Talk to me more about building that model because that's where the fun part comes in. I imagine,,. when When when when let me let me go back and give some context here. I've been working on sensors since the,, started my career even before I started my PhD it was doing a lot of stuff with real-time sensors trying to understand them initially with the signal processing techniques and heuristics and everything else. And I was I've been working on machine learning since about 2006.,, long before it was cool for deep learning was even a thing. I've been able to go through all these trams and it's being been a wild ride. It's been it's been a lot of fun. And before I started archetype I was a Google for almost 10 years where about a lot of my co-founders And, we've all been working on some form of sensing in the physical world for different parts of our career, either or on the ml stock for myself for more of the signal processing stock for for Jamie my co-founder or chief science is on the Leo, who's our designers be looking at it more from the interactions tomboy and on forth,? when we left Google in 2023, we saw what was happening in the foundation model space, and we were able to extrapolate of,, this is gonna go, beyond text, all? This is gonna go, beyond Vision. This is gonna go potentially to every single sensor, there is in the world and this, this is the missing link that we've all been looking for in our careers to, understand,, what's happening in the world,? when we left Google, A chart. CBT had exploded text models were very big thing and we knew that we wanted to build a foundation model fund,, four sensing for the physical world that could take in any form of sensor data,? But to build that model. The architecture of it is extremely difficult because the techniques you use to build a large language model or a vision. Language model are very different than the techniques that you would need to build., something where you can plug in lidar, for example, or models where you can take hundreds of different time series sensors across all of these,, a a large wind farm, for example,? Every turbine might have hundreds of sensors, and you may be want to plug in all of those sensors across the entire winforms. now you can see the microbial patterns between each each of the turbines on, the whole holistic field,? the techniques to build this,, didn't exist,?, we had a really go back to First principles and look at,, how do we build a model where you can plug in any form of sensor and In most cases, it won't have nice internet sized data sets with very nice Truman. Labels annotated for them for,, 10 or 20 years of,, things you can go on script and it's, oh, there's a big technical challenge there of how to do that. there's no common crawl., exactly., the We're able to leverage things common crawl,, to start the model, but, that's, that's the start, that's the tip of the iceberg,? There's much more that has to happen there., we had a big single Back to Basics on. Look at how do we take in all of these different types of sensors? All of this data that's not on the internet. And look at fundamental techniques that we can leverage that. And then use that to build very large,, technique to do, leverage the CM recipe that you would see in an llm,? there's there's a big self-supervised pre-training fears. There's post training, there's RL fine tuning, and forth. But the strategies of how you build those data sets of how you do the alignment of, how are you synchronized? Different sensors. It's a very different approach to make this.,, if you squint out, it looks an llm. But, do you go and build it and build a data sets? And think about how to construct this really requires to go back to basics,? But our our fundamental thesis is similar to what's happened in language,? Or if you look at the original GPT one paper there's a very interesting phenomenon was picked up their work simply by learning to predict the next token. Over over these text sequences and there we are using, I think early, it was a script, a lot of data from,, Amazon reviews,? they were able to have the model predict on its own the sentiment of the review,? Whether it was a positive sentiment or a negative sentiment,, simply by predicting the next token in the sequence,? Which is, which is wild if you step back and think about it, that by being able to predict the next token., in this arbitrary sequence. You start to, pull out these very rich, sentiment models that other people in the NLP, NLP space for struggling to build,? And suddenly this model,, out of nowhere, is able to do it really. we have a similar, a similar thesis on sensor data, which is Simply by observing the physical world. These really large parcel models can can fundamentally start to learn the the intrinsic principles, the governor world through these sensors and then be able to model and leverage that knowledge in the same way that nlm can,, read the internet and then suddenly understands,, Truman history, and it can,, generate beautiful essays and all these type of things. We could do the same thing with sensor data. that's,, the fundamental thesis is the same how you go about, building it is,, requires a little bit of a little bit of innovation. There's many avenues that I want to go down. But the one that I think will probably be the most valuable now for myself. Is the idea of the world models? And how that plays into what you're doing? Is there any crossover again? I'm trying to, clarify the terms because I see things pop up on social media for a blip. And I am following it. I understand what it is a little bit but I don't necessarily do a deep dive and then I'm graced with someone. your presence on this podcast and I get to go,, what's going on here?,,. This is, this is a great thing to die on. there's definitely some overlap, but I think car, we look at World models is very different than most of the community,? and that's fundamentally that a lot of folks who are working on world models, they're they're very Vision based? There's an intrinsic bias there to take a bunch of vision And spatially aligned data and use that to build a almost a digital twin. A projection of the physical world which can then be, it doesn't have to be the the digital twin it can be not completely simulated world but it's extremely anchored on You can think about as, as 4D dimensional data, where you have the 3D dimensions of the World Plus time,?, you can move around,, these Virtual Worlds that you can generate by observing,, huge amounts of video data, for example,. And while while that's definitely,, a world model, I would not argue against it. The problem is it's extremely biased on Vision,? if you want to take another Sensor modality. And capture things in the world CO2, for example. how do you project that into this very Vision dominant system,? How do you, how do you take a temperature sensor on project that into into this type of system,? And then Leverage that I'm bootstrap that,? the way we think about world models is that we're trying to allow the core of our of our foundation models called Newton. we're trying to learn Newton to learn this world model itself. From the sensor data. But to learn the representation of that model directly from the sensor data and not have this human bias of having a very structured,, 3D., 3D form that very much bias is the model towards vision-based systems, which is,,? Very useful. But to capture the the subtle details that are happening in the real world. You need a beyond Vision,? There's a lot of things in the world that, you can't see, you can't touch you. Can't, you can't sense,? And that a camera cannot pick up but,, you need,, and the electromagnetic spectrum,, all of the chemical processes that might be happening, and all the things that are happening in the electrical grid., you can't see that with a camera,?, even even take a teapot on the stove, unless they're steam coming out of it. You can't really tell what the temperature of the teapot is,., there's, fundamental things that are that are missing and sure if you go into other spectrums, infrared, for instance, then you might be To start to get these things. But the fundamental Point here is We Believe these World models need to go beyond vision and you need to bring in a lots of other modalities to be able to fundamentally understand that,, the subtleties of what's happening in the world. And then to be able to reason about the world or to be able to act on top of it, or be able to predict what might happen in the future. For example, which is,, what, a lot of world models are being used for You need to be able to capture all of these modalities as. there's definitely an overlap of how others in the field. Look at World models. But I think we're trying to go beyond these very vision-based models. That essentially are being used to build,, fancy computer games at this point. It's, it's cool but a lot of our customers are coming to us and they're not trying to build a computer game rendering or of their Factory. They're trying to optimize the throughput of the factory for example,. Or they're not trying to, they're not trying to build, a nice digital twin of the of the Wilma Farm. They want to understand why machine number 62 has dropped 10% and efficiency today, for example,? Things this. You. Is there certain data that you throw at these models that you should be waiting differently?, I guess one of the one of the the biggest ones is The multimodal nature of looking at the same phenomenal in the, in the physical world. But through different modalities, I guess. That's one of the,, one of the things we are betting on. In terms of we're trying to build a model which is natively multimodal in multimodal art,? I can talk a little bit about that, but I'm multimodal in here, means you can either take multiple instances of the same sensor it could be multiple cameras, for example, that are overlapping or non-overlapping,, in fact, Factory or in a townhouse car or it could be hundreds of different time series sensors and, one large, big industrial machine,? if you do to be multi instance, or it could be multi-modal,? you may have a camera on a pressure sensor or you have lidar on a radar and the,, the gearbox RPMs for example, on each of those sensors, even the very simple ones, they capture details that other types of sensors fundamentally. Count there. Are there are some to each other by combining these different modalities into one model. And to be able to do deep Fusion on those sensor modalities. It allows the model to understand these fundamental relationships. That you really can't solved with one sensor,. And there's, there's a lot of, there's a lot of problems in the world where you need more than one sensor modality, to be able to solve it. The teapot example is a very simple, a very simple case of that,? The thing I mentioned before of the large machine and you start to see these anomalies in the signal, is that because there is a malfunction in the machine or it's know someone is, the technician is working on the machine or the machine next to it. And that's a known anomaly. It's, it's explained. You don't need to stop the factory today to go and fix it. It's,, that's scheduled maintenance, it's in the normal thing,? That's Scott., it's come again.,, no. If you extrapolate this out, it feels, you can. Have infinite amount of data sources, where do you stop?, this is it., this is one of the big,, challenges of working on the physical world.. There's a very long teal required to make these system works. And,, folks that are working on autonomous driving know, this,? That you have to,, after you've driven a few, a few hundred miles, the system,, already it starts to, in some intelligence but you have to drive billions of miles, to be able to capture,, all the possible things that happen because,, frankly in the physical world. It's, it's on 24/7,? And never stops, and most of the time, Not things. Things are not that interesting,? Most intersections, if you have a bunch of sensors there, most of the time there are not accidents, thankfully,? But you have to look at me,, six months, seven months, eight months of data before you see,, that rare event happening by Nature. It's a rare event or an anomaly. I'm going back to your question. How much did you need?, you need a small amount of high quality data that captures all of these, different parts of the distribution. But unfortunately tough sample. Those,, important moments. You do need you need to look up most of the distribution. I'm there for you. Need to look at a lot of data a big part of what we're building an archetype. There's a lot of The ability to take in these huge data streams that are essentially continuous streams from the physical world and be able to very quickly triage. Those be able to catalog them, to be able to understand. what parts of that data is useful versus, what, the data you need to store and Cold Storage versus walk. You can throw away because it has very little value in it, for example. this is one of the big challenges of working when in the physical world but you need to. It's very hard to capture those little moments that really helped push the performance of the model forward or from an evil perspective. It takes a lot of sampling in the world to capture those hard moments that really show where your model is bricking. that them, what to do next to go and approve it.?. By definition. There are anomalies and that's,,, a rare event is rare. you have you Two years, three years of data before you see that event,? these are some of the challenges and,, again going back to that first principles thing. We talked about. I'm this is not a new thing with,, Foundation models and everything else. this, this is, this is a problem with the physical world. I've had this problem in my whole career. I've been trying to solve this problem many many times and unfortunately, to solve it,, in the, in the previous deep learning ways where everything was focused on mostly supervised methods, as opposed to,, self-supervised and everything else, you would have to go and get,, a very high-quality labeled samples for every instance,? You'd have to go and get millions of labeled pears to be able to build these models you could ship when we were building radar models back at Google. there is no image net for radar. We have to go and build those data sets ourselves on it. We would have to go on, do these massive data collection camp. Ends and,, collect millions of examples of people doing motions and Gestures and picking up mobile phones. And,, holding them in weird ways, to capture,, all these nuances, and then give it to the intern good., exactly. And, we have these huge teams and it was, it was most of most of the effort of those big production pro products honestly are. And this is the thing., I think I've heard about these say, this is, when he went to Tesla, which is,, when you're a researcher or not Academia, you do all the fun things and,, you're doing all the research and you're building the papers in your working on the algorithms and,, you're drinking coffee and sitting and thinking deeply. And in most cases, you're lucky enough to be able to, download some reference data set and work on that, and then publish a paper on it,? When you go to Industry, it, inverts, and most of your time is built on building the protocols., what's the data collection plan?, how are you gonna work with legal to get this out?, what are the product requirements of the features? And the actual research part of our part of the system gets much smaller,, in terms of what you're spending your time on, it's still equally as fun but it's a very different setup problems. You have to solve really build production models.. I appreciate that your mind win to the idea of the anomalies and the massive amount of data that you need in order to accomplish what you're doing in the in the form of the size of data. What I was thinking is the diversity of data sources and data streams. as you're mentioning, you've got lidar, you've got temperature, you've got whatever, it's there's time series data, there is words.,, you have cameras, if you again, extrapolate that out. When is enough enough? Because you could say,, maybe we need to get some infrared sensor in there. Maybe we need to test the humidity of the air. Maybe we, how can that you have enough data points? Or can you ever are, you should you be trying to get as many as possible?, this is a great question., I know it's always,, the the dirty secret of machine learning that no one really wants to talk about particularly when they look at log log plots, is that you get these diminishing returns in terms of how much data you put in versus,, how much improvement you're going to get out of the system. I always to think about your question, there's two axes to think about it,? One is more from a product driven axis and one is more from an evaluation performance,, reliability, trust perspective,? on the product perspective, it's,, what sensors are customers coming to us with that they want to plug into this model,? Because,, it's, it's all cool us,, being, very, very academic about it being, we want to support infinite sensors but at what point do we have a customer? Come to us and say, oh, great, you support all my sensors, cool,, we definitely have not got there yet and I think it will take as many many more years before we get there. But there is this,, Also Proto distribution, where most of the customers are coming with a small subset of common sensors,? Most of our customers come to us, they have some form of of camera Fleet and they have some form of Time series. Sensor Fleet,? And in most cases, they, they have both and they want to have a model where they can plug both of these sensors into,? But the classic example, I've already given,, you have a big Factory, you have a bunch of machines there. They have hundreds of Time series sensors in the machine, measuring pressure and RPMs. And, and,, oil temperature and electrical consumption and forth. And they want to take the systems measuring those large industrial machines and they want to then fuse that with me, all cameras that are around the building that are looking at what,, higher those machines being operated by humans are hires that being connected to the the machine next to it. For example or what was all the logistics of things moving around the factory and forth,? one aspect of this is How rich and diverse are those sensors that customers are bringing to us,? For this, this is where,, again going back to that first principles concept. This is where we're trying to build fundamental techniques. Where if a customer does come to us with a completely new type of A Time series sensor or camera. Ideally, we're building General and often coders that they can plug that into our model without us having to retrain it from scratch,? Because the structure of the data is close enough to everything else. We've trained it on and the fundamental Processes that Those sensors are measuring or similar enough to what we've seen before. the model already understand some of the key components and maybe you can either use are the box or you can you can tune it with a little bit of data that recalibrate the model to understand your special new type of,, if Bosch comes out with the brand new temperature sensor tomorrow,? We should be able to plug it into our model and it should work,., but then there are some customers that come to us with very, very rich unique sensors, in the RF to me. And for instance, where the word literal structure of the data itself looks nothing., what we, what, we give them the model before and that's where we are trying to build general recipes where we can take a large amount of unlabeled data for that sensor, and be able to use it to build these very powerful and coders, that can then be plugged into Newton. And then you can retrain Newton to pull in that new, that new model ID type,? you don't have to train them all from scratch but you will need to build a new custom encoder for,, this very, exotic type of RF sensor for example. But then if they come with another type of RF sensor, you should be able to plug that 9 into the same encoder and reuse it and bootstrap from there. part of this is coming up with those General recipes and then building the software, abstractions and platform Tools around it that our customers can do that themselves. They can come with their own data, they can run our platform on their infrastructure, they didn't never leave their networks, etc. Etc. And they can use that to build their own custom encoder without having to know any of the deep science that's going on under the hood to build those things.,, that's on the that's something that sensor side to quickly talk about the other aspect, the other access, which is when is enough data enough, it's more on the evaluation Access,. There., this is where I've,, learned a bunch of hard lessons. In building production, production systems were it's very different from how Academia typically thinks about building production models,? if you open any machine learning textbook, chapter one, it'll be take your data. Everything is IID. Everything can be,, you can take a random split, 80% of it, use it for training, 20% user for testing cult grit. you do that and you get these great numbers. You publish your paper, ship them, all Etc. fully or easy.. Everything was that easy? When? When building production models, this is a really bad plan. Fundamentally. The main reason being that the distribution that you typically capture in that data set is not fully representative of the product and the real world,? And I've made a few mistakes in my early career where I would go out and I would have teams collect the training data first for a product and you'd be randomly splitting and,, keeping back subset of this, that you would be testing on and then later on you'd realize,,, we're getting 99% performance,, on our held our test set,, in our evil. But when we try the product, its crop. It's it's the best. It's 80%, maybe it's 60%? Oh, and I laugh, because I think everybody's been there as. Yes.. And, it took me a long time to work out that. I'm the way to build a test set is not to build the training set and make the model work and then start to build a test set. It's from day Zero, you build the test set. An ideally you build the test set, using a different protocol, and a different team, maybe even a different part of the country. you really start to see the difference is between your training set and your test set and the way to build the test on this, gets to your question of how much did it is enough? Is that before you build the test set, you need to sit on and you you I this framework,, it's called bucketed analysis,? Which is instead of looking at some proxy number, let's take the most obvious one accuracy for example,? Having accuracy over your test set is,, useful for exact presentations and, simple graphs and papers and things. But there's a lot of nuances in there in terms of if you have a model, which is 92% accurate and you have another model, which is 92.5% accurate., is the second model better than the first model. you would maybe think it is, it's five, 0.5% better but In production, it may be fundamentally worse,? And you don't know because you agree with everything into a single single number. I really good framework that I use a lot. Is this bucketed analysis technique? Where essentially, before you start any data collection, you sit down and you break apart your problem and you try to understand what are the key variables in the system you're building,? That are gonna impact performance,? And some of those are human variables,, height wit gender skin tone,, if it's if it's a wrist device versus something you're going to put on your eyes versus something, you're, you're holding your hand, there's going to be a bunch of things that are going to impact the performance of that system,? Then you have to think about,, other aggressors. You have to think of other,, other key variables in the system and typically you come up with maybe six, seven eight critical variables for your system and now you can do the mathematics of. that's that's not a seven or eight dimensional system. and you can say, for each of those key variables, There is a bucket.. The captures. We need to find enough participants that are Sam fruit tall that have darker skin that have blue and green eyes. And really cucumber sandwiches or something? now you got this bucket with represents that slice of the distribution. And then you say,, what is our confidence level on that bucket? And then you can say, if we want to be 95% confident, for example, in that performance of that bucket, that tells us how many samples we need to get of,, seven food people that cucumbers. Oh no, I see.,. I know you can measure accuracy and F1 and, all your typical metrics. I'm not specific bucket. But more importantly, As you're because again, you should do this day, minus one. Before you even start to project, I was you start the project. You can already start to build your test set and initially you're going to start an all those books are going to be empty,? now as you get data, you can see where which parts of the distribution, you're feeling up. You'll never fill that full distribution,? It's, it's with six or seven variables. You're already a millions of of buckets. I'm for each bucket. You may need tens. Hundreds, thousands of users to be more statistically. Certain,? that's already everyone's data collection budget is already blown up by this,? you have to use very sophisticated sampling techniques about which buckets you pick and etc. Etc. But essentially what you can do is as you are building out this test set, you can look at the performance of those buckets and now you can say for a specific bucket is the performance. Good enough,? And once it's good enough, ideally in your training data, you tell your training team, stock collecting data for that type of thing. We're already good enough in that area, go over here, you have a torch not you can shine in these this analysis framework and it will help guide you and walk data you should collect,? this is a very powerful framework to help structure projects and build production, AI models because it allows you to start to see., first of all, where are your gaps and testing,? Because when you do that analysis, you'll be shocked and production systems when you do this bucketed, slicing Harden little of the distribution, you've captured,, in most cases you realize, oh wow, we're 95% accurate because most of our data samples on in this bucket. But, if we, if we normalize by her book at performance, and we cop,, once we hit a certain threshold of samples in the bucket, we can copy the performance and not not continue to improve. Performance in that bucket. And then you normalize that by all the other buckets, you realize you're not in 95 percent, you're at 60%? Because you've also holds yes, everywhere. It's such a more clear picture of what you're looking at in as far as performance. And as you mentioned in the beginning, it's really nuanced when you're looking at performance or accuracy as one number, as a posed to breaking it up into these buckets.. And then of course, you cannot get all those together to get one nice metric that you can track over time. you can for a bigger team you can't go into that level of detail and you can is your is your performance improving over time is your coverage in those tests book, it's improving over time. Normally, what you see is this this Saul tooth way of Trend where the performance increases and then you expand to a whole new set of variables that either. You, you couldn't collect in the early days or maybe you're not even know about when you started the company. You discovered, oh, this,, I'm whether the person exercises are not before they use the product, impacts the performance of the product,? That's another variable. We have to add seriously, performance will increase, and then you'll hit this neck and performance will drop. And then we'll increase again and then it will draw up and,, over over 6 12,, 18 months, you'll build, the actual performance, you need to really launch these things. to go back, this is a long way of saying to go back of how much data is enough I think. It's either when the customer tell you, you have covered all the sensors or it's when you've looked you have these very rich,, evolved slices and you can say for for the product, we're trying to ship this is the performance, we need to hit. And now, we're really confident,, for 95% of all these buckets that we do have, the True Performance numbers on,, where the system is going,? And typically, you never, you never reached that, because you always add in more complexity, there's always in a new feature, you want to add or,, there's always something that will have one more Dimension that,, keeps growing the system,? Exactly. It's goes back to that whole thing of your doing a ton of R&D, I'm sure. And your also creating a product that folks are are using on a daily basis., I don't know, honestly, that's the type of team or company or,, that's, that's where I really loved. I loved to be on those edges of,, going from zero to one and then really taking that and building a product around it. And then,, building a rich set of features and things that people love on top, on top of that core R&D. But, it really starts from a core piece of technology. And and that requires,, normally some significant Innovation to work out, how you're going to solve that.. And this is where I should mention that. I'm,, one of one of our tricks of how we do that with my co-founders is I mentioned,, Jimmy, who's, my long-term collaborator and our chief scientist and we're both on the, on the technical side of the team,? But then we have We have Leo who's our chief designer. he's coming in and really looking at things from an interaction standpoint and then we have Brandon, who's our CEO and really, he's He's the best operator I've ever met and he's amazing at smashing through walls and getting things done. And,, being able to really understand more product needs to be built and been building teams and executing and,, changing laws, when they need to be changed to allow things to get chipped and all this stuff,? And then we have a van who's our CEO, who is rce, who is,, the glue of he's able to look at all these things and bring them together and our big secret is while we're building fundamental technology. And we're always building it from the growing up, from a technology standpoint from the very start, we bring in design and interaction and we really think about how people will use the technology and then we use that both to guide where the technology is going. But also to put some strong constraints on the technology itself to allow us to ship it,? Because if you don't put those constraints on it, you're Trying to, you're trying to boil the ocean and solve every problem at once and it's it's it's it's it's too much? You you can't you there's always this volley of death. That R&D goes to die in,? Or you try to take an R&D project and you typically pass it to a production team and they'll take it and ship it. And that doesn't go for very new technology. You really have to,, make sure that that's successful. I'm one of the tricks of making this happen is making sure that we use interaction as a way to put some strong constraints on this and really think about how people will use the technology and how to guide them and put make it easier for the model itself. That's all these problems Etc., that's a great segue into what we were talking about before we hit record on the construction site and the use case around that. Can you? Connect those dots of the interaction, how you ship something, that you had those constraints with this use case of you've, now got sensors and all of this multimodal data for a construction site., that's a great. That's a great. That's a great. A segue. construction is a, is a really good example of why doing things in the physical world is hard,? we worked with the Japanese construction,, this Mammoth company. They're fundamental, they're, they're kajima. If you've ever been to Japan, they're the company that built the island that the airport. Sits on top of, they didn't they didn't build the airport. They built the island that the airport is,, is resting on top of in Japan phenomenal. I'm they build,, Bridges and tunnels and islands and, buildings and everything? And they we work with them on a five-year project and we come in at the end where they were moving a river,? As one does on a normal day,? And to avoid flooding, and they essentially had four or five years worth of data, Of all of these cameras placed around different parts of the river. As the construction teams, put these large excavators on barges floor to the mode in the river. And, we're dredging the river to, to busy widen and deepen, the river to,, avoid flooding,? And there are big goal was to understand from that data. How to estimate the the throughput of each of the the dredging teams,? the team how to schedule they were supposed to dredge 6 hours that day. Did they do six hours or did the two or did they do zero because of maintenance issues or weather or etc? Etc. And this is a great example of why doing AI in the real world is hard because a construction site is different every day.? The thing that was safe yesterday is no longer shift today,? Because they've moved the bridge a little bit further,?, over the over the river or, that system is now., that wall is not three meters higher than it was before. if you fell off it yesterday, you'd be. If you fall off of today, you're gonna break your, these type of things. you have whether you have, you have very large sites that are 25 square kilometers and, the the excavator is not barely visible,, in the in the farthest Realms of the camera and you have to get the model to be able to understand this. a few things we did to really use interaction to solve this. I'm one of the big Concepts we have in our model is called a lens. And you can think of this as the ability to instead of a chop ball where you ask a question and give you back on answer you ask a question and give you my answer. You can set up a lens and connect a real-time data stream to it. And in the lands will constantly analyze the data with whatever Focus you've put on that lands,?, take this simple example, you want to work out if you're packages arrived at your home. You don't want to keep having to ask your doorbell,, did my package, it? Did my package, it? Did my package arrive,? You want to say, notify me when my package arrives today?, you set up a lens that will continue on, and then when something happens, it can output an answer,? we use this interaction technique for construction, where and stead of constantly having to ask the model,, what's the efficiency of the work team today? You set up this lands before you before you get the data. And now you run that lens on either pre-recorded videos or live data streams. Another model. As it's running will output. This Rich structured response of, is the work team resting,, is the barge on the river, is it dredging or is it being moved?. Etc, etc., you flip the problem on its head instead of constantly asking the questions, the model and a giving back an answer, you set up this lens and then you stream, your real-time physical, AI data, through the lands. And now you get this very rich structured output that you can then build into a big old, a bigger system which we typically call a physical agent and that's the system, you cannot deploy where you, deploy. These physical agents in the real world that will. In real time measure the productivity of the construction teams for example,? And it will give you back notifications and responses, but you don't have to keep asking a question of,, is the team operating?, Today for example. lens is a way for you to tell the model. What you care about? Yes beforehand. Exactly. And then it's it's interactive,? it's real time. you're going to adjust the focus in real time. You can ask a questions if you want to and it can give you back the answers. But it will, it'll essentially you give the you give the the model some explicit goal of what you're interested in and the model. Now I can on its own autonomously analyze that and then work with you to give you back a report or send you a notification, or you can ask it if follow-up question and it can then give you the answer, but it have to do it from scratch,? And then of course, you can have dozens of lands as running on the same sensors, train to look at different aspects of the data. That's pretty wild. I can get a daily report of how my construction site is going exactly or, or, you can get a daily report or you can have if a worker happens to go up and more on the rigs and is in it, and it'll immediately notify you on your pager and say, hey,,, Claire is not climbed up on a danger, pay more attention to her to make sure that she's safe, for example,?. Or you can say,, here's here's the work. This section of the river, Two months later. Here is none of the productivity of this section of the river. Why is one section 20 percent lower productivity, help me analyze this and understand this big? Because it's Scott Scott's over there, which is a little side gig over there, and it happens to be winter, which means it was a lot more rainfall, which means the river is much higher, which means there's a lot more dredge,, dirt, in it, etc. Etc, But ultimately, it's got we should move Scott. Wait and it will be able to extrapolate that information of. Hey, there's all this stuff that's happening.. And this we have a confidence level. I'm sure that we think it's because of these things. Exactly. the I'm joking about whether but that's a that's a that's a real thing on my project where we fused him from these multimodal camera rigs where they're all capturing different aspects of the work we fused in the local weather station report. we got Rim full, we get temperature. All those things we Refused. Then the, the, the, the, the, the hydrometer sensors that are on the river. That tell you the height of the river,? And things water flow and things this. We fuse these all into Newton and now you can ask questions,, show me the top,, 10, top 10% of teams that are working,, this month, show me the bottom 10%,, what's, what's the difference between these two teams?, I can go and tell you, oh, because of the weather, there was a storm, three days before and it takes several days for that storm, to impact Downstream,? But because of that, even though the team was able to go and work that day, it was a bit wet, but it wasn't that bad. But because of the storm two days before, it's not decreased the productivity of the of the system, all? in a great example, again of that multimodal data where you're bringing in the weather data plus the Commerce, and now you can combine it together and look at more than five minutes of data, you can look at many days of data, and because of that, you can start to see these bigger patterns, that even the engineers on the site, were able to pick up.. what do they do with these insights?, mostly mostly, they're using this for to help them to help them the way they structure their teams. A lot of the work has been done by subcontractors,? a lot of, this is from a compliance standpoint to make sure that the team their subcontracting and they're they're getting the work,, for example, a six-star shift to go on dredge,, are they going and doing six hours of dredging and if they're not, is it because of the weather, or is it because the drill bit broke that day and they had to spend two hours, repairing it or is it because Sam didn't turn up the work that day and the team wasn't,, it didn't have the barge driver and therefore it couldn't do the work and then based on that part of you, then go and start to optimize the site that. Oh, next time we see a storm coming, that's have the team go and work on this section of the site instead, because they're going to be a lot more. They're going to be a lot more productive for instance.. And we'll go back to that area of the river where, we know, four days after the storm, it's to dredge there. For instance,? Wow, dude, this is fascinating. I think we'll end it there. Unless is there anything that I didn't ask you? That you wanted to talk about.,, I think that it's been a fun conversation. I love to talk about this stuff. I guess the, the final thing I can end on is,, we have a huge amount of customers coming in. You can probably tell that the team is growing quite a bit. we are hiring. If folks,, want to come and work in physical AI,, hit me up on LinkedIn or maybe we can we can attach our careers page to see,, because, there's a lot of work to be done and,, a lot of very cool things happening on the physical world and I think in the next few years, this area, this, this is gonna is gonna explode. It's gonna be huge.,,, come and join us. Come and work on very cool. Technology in the real world. Is it hiring in the Bay Area? Hiring across its in the bay on in Europe., we're, we're hiring a team across where we're distributed company., we have folks, we have folks all around the world. The two major axis is,, in the US on, and in Europe, but yes, and Engineering sales, all yes, everything engineering seals research,