streaming aggregation, windowed aggregation. A lot of the compute stock is where we were., oh man, once you look at level deeper, it's you see that it never quite got there. And we were,, we are the only ones that have cracked this nut. Creature platform is how it started out. all kinds of fuses. I know, generally, anything that goes into on a metrics. roll engine's, or into context. this companies the feature platform idea, I know there's a few different ways of explaining it. How do you guys explain what the future platform is? What? I'm a great job. He's the pro. no I think there are different definitions of it and I think the first thing I to say when it comes to Crown on one thing that crown on does differently is that it, it does the compute. there's feature stories that leave the computer on the users and then they'll do storage more as a classic KV store with some stuff around it. But what we saw and the reason why we built on is that compute was really the hard thing that people struggled with., if you want streaming features, if you want to be doing screaming, aggregations, if you want to be doing online, serving and offline training of,, offline training and have consistency, between those two things, you got to be Computing, your features a very specific way. far us, what the future platform is, is takes raw data in produces features, serves them online. Serves them offline for online for inference service and offline for training. Does both of those things in a very scalable way and exposes a very easy API to the user to do that to power those flows. And, that's the scope that we take a future platform that I think that's what made kronon unique and I think that's why I the open source, gotten some good adoption is because it hits on the main paint point that people face.. And that was my big question because I know that There's the feature stores that do the compute. They don't do the compute. They don't even store anything. They will help you orchestrate things. And you have all of those different iterations of it. It came from Airbnb. What made you want to build it? There when I joined it and be, that was already the last question of Corona called zipline that. what I'm done. Brad another boot. I remember reading that blog too, by the way and I was looking for there was no author on the blog and I was I wanted to bring you guys on and I was pissed because I'm, who created this and me being in Germany, I couldn't ask anybody,? I was going nuts because I wanted to have you on the podcast or at least on back in those days in 2020. We were doing the virtual meetups. Oh. And it was, this is a great blog. I want to know more about zipline because zipline did everything. It wasn't the feature store... and I joined, I think the very first meeting I was in was, there was frosting in the room and they're, hey, we need to be able to engineer, hunt them out and proud very quickly because the nature of Florida that would say,? someone figure out a way to order systems and, bleed money. And that was a big problem back, then I would be and that was a big Focus. that's what, no, no. The early versions of cronon were built to solve that to make it off-road?,, people think of Airbnb as a travel company but the fact of the matter is it moves a lot of money across a lot of borders. it looks, there's a whole payments company within Airbnb which is from the outside, you wouldn't necessarily think that and all those payments challenges that people have around payments fraud and trust and all those things, your baby had those exact same challenges. that was the nature of the beast. But, they needed to be in a position where they can fight fraud in a matter of hours.? But people who are trying to Do a bunch of things. They have to figure out the batching side of it. Because spark, then they have to, figure out the stream processing side of it, then the figure out,, how to index it correctly, that they can serve it,, at scale, then they have to figure out how to orchestrate it., using airflow, and it's pretty mind-bending to get one signal all the way through to the application, and they have to do it with hundreds of signals. All? imagine, the complexity and the number of components that would be involved. when you say signal, it's a pipeline. It's a piece of information., how many times a user use discredit card in the past?. use this IP in the past X days. It's a really simple piece of information. But to engineer this to the application and to the model training process, they have to write massive pipelines... And hundreds of signals is the lower end of things. It's usually thousands of signals.., these models are very greedy. Oh, they need all the signals. They can get they get better. the more you give it the best. It gets that then became crown on that then become Chrono., and you bolted it on two zipline. Where we're largely taking crown on and building zipline around it. the story is that you build crown on you, spun that out or you open sourced it from Airbnb which I feel Airbnb has open source to other stuff in the past., info airflow. That's new. There was some big data thing that came out of. Oh. Super set from both from Maxine., what's my Max?, the crown on open source was in collaboration with stripe. before we lose first, we had a close partnership with, again, another payments company and we collaborated with them on their repository, for Six eight months or before going open source. it's a jointly managed Between the two companies?, it makes sense if it's very heavy on the fraud part that stripe would be interested.., and then, the journey with an Airbnb after payments is interesting because search was the next big one that came along,? search person lization is another use case. That's very sensitive to real-time. Data has very very high volume and can move the needle on the business. it's we're pushing that forward if you can and that was the next big partnership that we had and what was interesting is that once we were working at search scale, we saw other interesting use cases within the company. You start organically popping up. if you go to Airbnb and you see any listing you'll see a forklift SARS average or whatever. That's computed on Chrome on because that team wanted that to be real-time., the same way that fraud and search want their signals to be real-time and they wanted to be a windowed aggregation. that,, really, really old Things fall out of the window and you see a more recent up to date view of that data at the user. And, as the exact same data, engineering challenge that ml faces. But as a product facing,, metric. they were,, Trump's a great tool for this and it,, simplified, Their life from reading this. Crazy Flink job to simply saying, hey, here's my data source. I want an average over this time window. And I want to,, plug it into this thing here. And it went from months to a couple days to get that up and running. How did they find out about kronon? They were hearing others, use it because I imagine things can get lost in an organization that big. I was very interesting process Airbnb. Got bigger, we know., I believe it.. Where it gets out.,, you struggle with the data engineering stuff enough and where it gets out, hey, there's this thing, that'll make your life easier. that was really cool for us to see here. I think the search you guys hearing played a big role in them finding us? Because they're such a tough, you scared that, it wouldn't be a lot of people talk., it wouldn't work on, very easy, but the fact that it worked, was very surprising and very impactful inside everyone's. and Holmes was very the team that did that use case a little, it was very close to search... Searches funny to me because A lot of the stuff that we're doing now with AI and all of the agents or rag, it's, this is a search problem, even the Context Engineering. Now, it's that. Feels there's a lot of search going on here. And you gotta be good at search in some way, shape, or form.. Such as one of those things, where the number of signals is, in the order of thousands. And a chance to be very complex,? Some of these things include sequence modeling, llms typical Vector indexing for embeddings. All these kinds of things in one monolithic system,? The more sophisticated, search setups. Look look that and date engineering for that means at least,, 200 or 300, mini pipelines all together pushing data into Vector search., all. back to the story. You win. You Open Source, crown on with stripe, And then you were, I guess it's time that we started a company and go all in on this. we saw a stripe use it and it wasn't very easy to get set up with crown on and they already had expertise with Flink and Spark and all of this other Technologies and it was still hard for them. if someone wants to use it then you should be a lot more work.. And if someone was not familiar with any of this big data Technologies, It's going to be very hard for them to use cronon. At the end of the day, Chrono does a good job of abstracting these Technologies away from the user.. Users write SQL stuff, and under the hood, all of this is happening. the sparkling and bigtable and, all this technology has come up even airflow, they don't have to even worry about airflow. any of these Technologies, they're there queries and these things happen automatically. It does that job. But to set it up, you need to know how all of those things of course. Because before you abstract it away, you've got to have a deep understanding of it., it's a technology that got a ton of different teams out there we think, but now it's,, there's a lot of need to the role. The business partly is to productize it and make it,, very easy to adopt. And, I think it's great that it has this open core around it that teams can adopt it with us. But then they have that open source safety net there. Which means no vendor lock in and that easier to work with business model for larger. Enterprise is thought, you guys were crazy when you came out and you were doing this, I was But Feast is out there, which is similar space. And I'm not saying you're crazy, because you're competing with Feast, but because of what happened with Feast, where it felt it got bastardized a little bit. And then and then also feather, same thing, LinkedIn release feather, and that also got bastardized., we did this. We did this exercise with an Airbnb,? Because we don't want to be open sourcing anything for any reason we were,, what, what is this doing in the market? What got this solving and really, what I came down to is what we started off with, which is the compute stuff,? The compute, the hardest part of the actual data engineering challenge for AI and ml. A feast, as an example of a something that adds a lot of value, Downstream of that, but it doesn't solve that, that main problem and never try to feather is really interesting. If you look at the documentation for it, it talks about all those problems, but then, if you go and look at the implementation, there's a lot of to Do's that never really got done streaming streaming aggregation window aggregation. A lot of the compute stuff is where we were., oh man, once you look at level deeper, it's you see that it never quite got there. And we were,, we are the only ones that have cracked this nut. And we need to be out there. And this is a very valuable contribution to the community., I guess. Feather they released it and they wanted to see if there would be any uptick and people using it and how that would and when they, I don't think they got what they were looking for., he had the Vision., you read that documentation and I think they hit the nail on the head on a lot of stuff, but I think when they got out there they're wasn't enough of it. There working really it took us a long time really? it's hard and I see I see Lie. It never got it was a grind for many, many years and then I think the opportunity to work with stripe before getting out there into the open source. Gave us a chance to really battle tested at a whole nother company at scale and iron out all these things. And by the time we went open source the dream was real. As of I think I think feather had the vision but I think by the time I got out there from what we saw, the implementation wasn't quite there. But, I don't mean to talk about any of these tools they're no, I don't think you're talking bad, if anybody's talking about is me calling investors. Jon Snow. They're all they're all very interesting technology. I think I think we are unique in that we took our we took the time to really make sure we nailed the hardest part of the problem and I think that's what was unique about our open source. And why was it hard? To get that working. That is a series of problems,? That I think, but, maybe talk about the two main ones I suppose. One is generating training data. That is point in time, correct. all, people already have a series of observation and labels associated with those other situations That's part of my card,, way down the line., someone said this is fraud,, Cloud money back through a trash bag or whatever. they have this observation slogs of observations all companies have these and they're, when these are the relations happen, we need to create features at those points in time. when I say point in time, correct training set, I have a new feature idea and I need to create those features at the observation point in history. That is. A n Cube problem. Essentially, if you do it, then I SQL way,? If you write a SQL query saying,, give me all the raw data at that point and then aggregate for every one of those observations that blows up very quickly.. And that's what people are doing and they're,, this is blowing up and I'm not going to figure out how to make this fast. I'll use that features. That's true. That's why real time is hard. You put yourself into the user shoe is,? It's. They're I understand my data and I understand the transformation I want to run and then it's to express that you have to learn Flink spark. those Technologies fundamentally we're not built for these use cases. It's really if you look at the history of thatch oh lap, it's it's pretty much bi. it's for, Matt produced and high, all these things. evolution of bi and powering pipelines and that won't get for,, every day I need to generate a report that someone's going to look at, executives. and now, it's, The actual workflows for AI and ml. They cross these boundaries of streaming, and batch of online serving of inference and training. It's they cross all these boundaries and no tool. Really took a step back and addressed that user need in a first-class way, everyone started duct taping stuff together, and then that's where all these nightmare data, engineering projects come from. And I think,, one thing unique about us is that we took that step back and we're,, what if we exposed The abstraction that the user is trying to do, which is, here's the data. Here's a transformation, I needed offline. And this way from model training and I needed online with these very strict requirements for low latency inference and what if we try to make that magic? And and it's hard turns out there was a reason why nobody had done it. People have tried it, we have seen, many many years. There's a graveyard full of people who have tried it, but Airbnb was a Wonderful place for us to build it because it gave us. It gave us what we needed to try it a few times and make some mistakes that I think. If we were if we had turned back the clock seven years and started this startup,, from then, I don't think we would have had to leave way to make the mistakes that we needed to make to learn how to do this properly. I think because we had Airbnb as a place to get this,? And stripe as as a place to get this,? That's what led us come out, the gates or something that worked.. And that was huge for us and it felt you could battle test it but you could also recognize If it works in two companies that are very different, we could probably make it work in more.,. And and having the flexibility to do that was we were, we were in a very unique place in time to be able to pull that off and Airbnb., of course, has the culture to to excellent engineering culture to support that and and Foster that and see the value in that and invest in those long-term projects which is really rare.. now, what do you thinking about now, it's the whole data life cycle,? It's not the Feature Part,. Oh. Because I should preface this by. You won the pitch competition for San Francisco. Congratulations, as promised we are on a podcast. I don't have most pitch competitions that give you 100 Grand all this very fancy stuff. You get a podcast my friend let it be known each us pays his debts yes. Exactly.., whatever. whatever you investing. it's very interesting. Now, we're out there, we're working with customers. We're seeing what the actual needs are on the ground. And we're seeing where the main pain points are and and how to,, get the most out of this technology that we started. Building a couple of things are standing out. One is definitely governance and,, data privacy data governance having confidence in these systems that are serving in the most, critical use cases at these companies. And we're thinking a lot about that and how to make that part of the platform and the other one is., we've seen people still figuring out. More foundational pieces of data infrastructure. A lot of teams are trying to move to Iceberg. A lot of teams are, trying to move to open source,, things from cloud specific offerings and we're thinking about that too. we're following where the actual needs are on the ground wherever very plugged into trying to plug into real value at real use cases and those two things are standing out to us now. It's interesting. What you were talking about with Iceberg earlier how Everyone wants Iceberg. They're not sure how, for sure. It's hard.. Where are they getting stuck? There's a lot,, series of choices,? It's you have an event bus or you have a database that's online and you need to wait to transfer that into your offline file system, S3 or GCS. And from there you need to, once you have the iceberg files or whatever you need a catalog that you could use,? And Depending on which Cloud you're on, it catalog is not a solved problem, that's a very open problem and that needs to play will with their existing data,? If they're on bigquery, it needs to play with the existing thing and you need to have an engine that can understand this Iceberg file. and work with the optimization that as work allows you to do. All as has a huge depth of optimizations that you can plug into which Indians bigquery do automatically under the hood,? because you have some data and Iceberg doesn't mean you're getting the full benefit of having that nice work. Oh really?, it's not that straightforward. you need to be able to do clustering, do views, do all of these things that the defect of offerings on things, Google Cloud. Simply don't support Oh, what do you have to do then? people, try all kinds of things that try Polaris, they try gravity, and all this,, budding problems, they write big their own catalog,? And they're, figure out how to get their data. They move from pubsub into GCS Avro as it is, and then, use some ETL to process that into parquet and form Iceberg out of it and then figure out this catalog thing and put it in there.. How many people we don't think, a lot of people are successful with, doing this a dance around their data infrastructure. then is the idea to be, hey, potentially, there is a world where you can hit zipline. And you're instantly on Iceberg and it is as easy as you would, hope that it would be eventually want to get the. there is two levels to that. I think one is I already have my data. In pubsub.,, you take care of this dance of getting this into an iceberg and catalog, and you take care of, leveraging the optimization,? Then there are people, who are?, I have a service. I'm not talking anything. But if you, if you tell me, if there is a library that I can log into, I will do it,? there is that level even eventually want to get there. Hey, this is a zipline Library. You log it under the hood, we log it to pubsub or Kafka and create the iceberg warehouse and you can leverage it,? that's eventually where we want to get to. But first, we are trying to get to a point where you already have Pulsa. We are going to make Iceberg warehouse for you. And what about the engine? Because the hardest parts compute?., we started there,?. She's a bit Downstream of these problems and now we're working Upstream which is a a funny Journey but I think somehow coincidentally not not through any strategic planning of ours, a good way to tackle. This problem to start there in the middle in between you're ingestion and your online. AI ml use cases and expand expand from there. But I think. I think the cool thing is Also there's a lot of value in people struggle with best practices for how to do this ingestion write to these daily partition files in a certain way that it'll scale really and plug in really with Downstream compute engine. I think as we put this stuff out and we'll be putting it out into Open Source, by the way, this will be not vendor technology. It'll, it'll give people an example of, hey, we've seen this stuff a couple of times. We've scaled this from really bad practices to good practices as a couple big companies. It's we can start you off on a good path and I think there's a lot of value in that as. Starting on the foot.. I can't tell you how many times we've migrated from a huge monolithic Json logging to schema and force,, smaller topics and things that and it it makes sense because to start with the monolith because it's a lot easier to do that now but if it was as easy to start with the thing, I think that would save much pain for a teams but anyway. Oh. I I see that completely and it's almost you're doing. The things that are the easiest because they're easy, even though,, later you're,, building my tech debt now.,. I think that's a game that killing to play. Should we looked at the data engineering problem for it? MLA is that was the question that we asked.. The answer is, very differently than how it works and English, some of there's Iceberg and ingest and stuff that we're seeing out there. It's,, this should be easier.. And I think there's some idea how to make it easier. all, you guys Were also doing agent stuff at Airbnb back in the day tell me more about that., the biggest thing I'd be in B that was using chronon But don't feed data into llms was customer support. Customer support is a big cost center for Airbnb,?, we traditionally implies people in us,? And pays a lot of Money for that organization. And the cost is, not super high and everything that they can save their translates to profit or translation. Lord prices.. all of that. Was a big driver and the biggest problem they had was populating context correctly. They already have the agent workflow figured out, and the workflow has workflow decision points which are either,, give some data to llm. And see what it says and or it is more gather data from around the organization from different surfaces and see what the user was doing in the previous day or previous week and figure out what they might want. This features., it's features. It's contest. Engineering is what they call it now, but it's featured. It is true. they started to build out something on their own using Lang chain and all of these when they're prototyping. But then, but when it came to prod it,, it was a national thing for them to, hey, let's move all of this thing to Corona and have Chrono Drive the pipelines, and the indexes, and endpoints that power this context,? that's where it started and search agent, which I don't think is out there yet. But is another one that that was, those are the two main search agent. this, it's,, your chatting with a Agent. That's helping you figure out how to book your next Airbnb and where to travel even.,. that's the idea that it's, a virtual travel agent and Those are the two main use cases at Airbnb. And that was also taking features from you and helping the search features and in this one a bit of embeddings too. I was gonna say we should talk about embeddings as. talk about that. That's been an interesting one for us and coming out more and more recently. even in places you wouldn't expect it fraud and personalization and search oh really rag was a big one? in customer support for example user says something and this something is about a particular set of policy and this policy related to all this paragraphs in the policy documents and there's huge Corpus of policy documents that training to pull from. All, that was all driven by Rags.,, it's Chunk. This thing's and embed them and store them in a vector store and then pull it out., whenever you need that information, and there is another set of things, which is users conversations,? As the third is, happening with the whole start with the support agent, the intent of the conversation keeps changing. And that intent is captured as embeddings,? what you're trying to do is essentially take this intent side and match it with the policy side,? That's two embeddings and you're doing a DOT product to figure out what's the most relevant information that eliminate to get to make a decision. Fascinating. we were on both sides of this but mostly on the user side because that's harder because you need to move a lot of real-time data embedded and store it in a vector index. And then surface it.,. And, this is something that has some recent momentum in the corona, open source, first Native, embedding support within cronon., it's not really features anymore. It's features and embeddings now, which is pretty exciting, and there's a ton of value in orchestrating more complex graphs,, combining features and embeddings together into and workflows, which again was pretty much prohibitively difficult before for all about. The biggest, most sophisticated teams that we're trying to make that as easy as anything else in Corona. But you're not Creating embeddings out of features. A lot of raw database.. we created embedding Message history and we treat a window of messages as a feature,? All. And we treat that as a transformation that windowing operation on the message stream as a feature essentially and feed that into an embedding model. Nice get a numbering out user activities is another good example,? user sequence modeling know, you take a bunch of a user activities. Again, you're usually aggregating the last 50 or 100, although now, bigger Windows have become an interesting thing that teams want to experiment with,, of user activities and turning that into a user embedding. And using that to drive recommendations or personalized experience. Tiktok does 5000 5000 biddings, 5,000 activities into an embedding and tiktok has the team to build that in front., not a lot of companies have access to that even though they have potentially very high value use cases and I think that's where we're offering a compelling,, open source base products here that can power that that use case has scale