All, folks, I'm super excited for this conversation that I had with jewels, Danny and Corey. They are on the mlflow team. They are veterans in the space. Jewels wrote the book on spark. Now he is leading the developer relations side of mlflow and Danny and Corey are both lead Engineers. Crafting what we know and love about this classic tool and they talked about how mlflow is leading with open source. They really want to go all in, on the open source mlflow and bring it to this new agent Paradigm that were in enough. Amy Chen, let's get into the conversation with it. On every day that I get to hang out with many incredible people. I am Grace by, not one, not two, but three of the mlflow team, how y'all doing today? I'm super stoked to chat about agents in production. You guys have been doing a lot with it and I think each one of you individually has been on this podcast before in different phases of your lives. It's cool to see you all working on mlflow and doing things in this new agent era. Absolutely no. It I think all of us have come a long way and at the same time some of us are continuing to focus on developer experience for AI in a radically different domain. Models to agents feature stores to agents, as it's exciting. Thanks for having us back. Yes, we will. We will, we will come a long way from from spark to mlflow. And back to spark and back to him a flows. I'm delighted to be working again with Danny. And with Corey, and mostly talking to you. We have had many interactions. I love you me. Serenading on, on the stage with hero, killer that was that was the highlight. Absolutely. That was the highlight.,, I feel a lot of this is reflected with, it's not with what the three of us I've been doing is also, apple Ops Community is been shifting as. we've we all working in various versions of the classic ml world before and then all shifted over to this, Danny, I Asians opiates space,?, it involved real quick, and, speaking of evolving, mlflow has evolved a ton. You guys have been seeing folks that are putting their agents in a production. I would love to start out with, what have you been seeing out there? Each one of you comes at it, from a different perspective, maybe we can get your takes on the conversations, you're having each day.. 100%, I think as we talk about agents in production, the First Natural question to ask is, what are people trying to put in production? What are they building? And what are they deploying? And After talking to a lot of our customers open source, users can pretty confidently declare that the age of the chatbots is is still here. It ain't going anywhere that the bulk of our customers. The bulk of our open source users. They're building chatbots. Yes,, some of them that started as text only bots a couple years ago, have become multimodal. We do get the occasional voice application, folks are doing speech to text and then they get the text back and they go to text to speech, some are processing images but the end of the day that chat interface remains pretty ubiquitous over 50 or 60% of use cases which is is massive. The other thing that I'd say about chatbots and there are a bunch of other use cases, all of Danny and others talk about is the pretty much all tool calling chatbots. Now we have the age of rag up until about a year ago. Everybody was really excited about Document retrieval specifically. And now,, folks are continuing to retrieve documents. They're gathering information from knowledge bases, their indexing them. But they're doing much more around that as., they're, they're making real-time API calls to other services, other services to fetch information. They're even having their chatbots take various actions. I'm gonna go ahead and save some information about this user to a knowledge base., there's not read, there's a little bit of Rights coming in as. this chatbot interface is remain somewhat consistent, maybe he's become multimodal, but then under the hood, the architecture is as evolved quite a bit. thanks to the powerful models. That seem to be being released every week or two. Now, I think that's what you can probably attribute to a lot of the upgrades behind the scenes. As that's my pitch on on chatbot, use cases and Danny Jewels. What else are we seeing?,, elaborate on that. I think chatbots of what I've seen. Is chop also getting more and more sophisticated. maybe an initial is text based type Bots. Now we're seeing they're there's a lot more Rich return types. maybe we're HTML, that's being returned or more human in the loops or within this agent. Now, you're adding, multi-agent systems or but it still look at chat interface to the user or there's a., the infrastructure underneath people are building more complex,, guardrails within the Asians,, to as they get closer and flips for production or working with higher Stakes, use cases. I think people are now beginning to get some of those, oh, you can't wanna learn something production, use case and a production out. that's been cold to see. and,, I've seen over let me jump in there Danny because When you talk about the advanced, the chatbot is a little bit more advanced. I don't know if you guys saw this website called AI, ux design patterns, it is brilliant. It gives you all these different ways that folks are leveling up chat and now, a lot of them are Concepts but you have things you can highlight certain parts of the response in a chat and then expand on only that part,, which is nice as a user experience because a lot of times you want to say oh, I all of this but I don't that part or I've also seen Designs where they'll come back with a carousel of items for you. That you can scroll through we're natively used to using as a posed, to only chatting, chat out that type of thing. But, you were gonna say something else Danny hit me with what else,,, that reminds me of different things that will touch on as. But I was going to say, even though all the chatbots are getting more more complex, it's surprising to me how A nascent, the observability, and eval space has been for for these chatbots., you'll notice that the current, this course is all about multi-turn evaluation assimilation. And how, every vendor or solution still is, really, began to get the free wet but multi trends conversations and chatbots are naturally multi-turn., why isn't there been more robust Tooling in that space? And really a lot of customers had work around that and build their own tooling that's super bespoke, that's been interesting.. I'm in told me to but Corey and Danny say they begin to see when you my conversations every little Brazil. There, the chatbot is to be the favorite one and in is Danny pointed out more of these evaluation judges being written. For example, deep eval and ragas do provide very specific board built-in as as custom judges, you can do multi-tone evaluations. we begin to see a more of that in that particular area where chatbots are being written. But they begin to fill the confident that they can write these judges to evaluate the multi-toned sessions to evaluate the entire conversation. And that somehow seems to be the, the trend, at least from what I've seen from developers trying to ask questions or or hit me with,, how are you evaluating your chatbot in production? I'm using my, I'm using either the mlflow. I'm using some framework that has a host of built-in judges. That allow me to Gauge a particular metric or I can write my custom judges along with agent as a judge. we begin to see quite a bit of that trend.. But, I think it people are being talking about turn judges now but not because not because they didn't need it. I think as soon as we launch multi-turn judges always started talking about people, I need that. That's the first thing I want to start with. It's,, I want to know is my tap is our humans, escalating to get,, people trying to get escalated human support, are they as the agent repeating it over and over again? all this, common, Asian problems, you really start seeing in the context of a conversation rather than a single turn and really as soon as we lost people were cool.. We're gonna use that immediately. We needed that yesterday., an example of this, I to use a fair bit, is determining, whether an agent is being repetitive. I can't figure that out. by looking at one,, input output, no clue. But if I can see,, 20, turn conversation. I got this agent, keeps saying the same thing. It's giving me the same answer. I asked for more information and it continues to respond with the same stuff, rephrased, it becomes a lot more obvious and that's where I can't figure that out. If I have this little function, those thing called a Judge is looking turn by turn. I have to have the bigger picture. Same thing comes with human feedback though that,, a lot of times folks, rightfully, are using their end users or internal testers and whatnot to determine whether a chapped butt meets their needs and they need that conversational feedback. It was indicating that this particular message didn't make a ton of sense is that helpful but it's Much more useful. If I can say this entire interaction should have been half as long or I I got this is what I was trying to achieve with this interaction and this is where I got and what was missing. I think there's an element of human feedback. There's there are these questions about how I automate the process of finding issues in these multi-turn interactions and bugs in my agent and it's funny. It's taken as long this long to get here and that everything started single turn input output because this chatbot interface is especially this multi-turn thing was the first thing launched., November of three years ago. Now,, Chad GT was a multi-turn chat interface. And, it's funny that we've finally started to catch up. And in terms of the evaluation and the quality measurement side, Cut you touched on two very sale in point one is the repetition,? How do I know that if I had, if I had a 20 turned conversation, something was not being repeated, and that had was a logical consistency. Is there a logical flow between each and every steps? Or am I being consistent or I've been trying to hurry. I think those are the important elements where the judges can I should help to detect in the multitude and conversation. One the coherence is there, a logical flow B is a context. Be retention. I referred to something,, 20 turns before Is my agent or is my conversation board has has the ability to remember that in the context. I think those are the important thing. And that collectively, those meaty make the the chatbot, more robust and and and, and, and more cohesive., you touched on that important Point., because you take it for granted Us in this field that we understand. Oh. potentially a lot of times to get the best result, we should start a new chat and clear the context window but that's not, I would guess that your average user off the street doesn't know that. And how can you make sure that what you're talking about jewels that stays true? if somebody wants to reference back and you're not doing it properly, that and you have a way to either be in the janitor of that context or Encourage them to start a new chat or do something because that leads to poor user experience 100%. And I think it dovetails nicely with this whole topic of memory management for agents. That everybody seems very rightfully excited about the idea that a very long message. History gives an agent a ton of Rich context, if I've been talking with a chatbot for 15 minutes and then I asked it to do something that follows naturally from that 15 minutes conversation, I much more likely. I would guess to, to get the result that I'm looking for at the same time there, is that trapdoor Pitfall? That? I think you rightly point out, where, if I'm asking for something totally different,, that 15 minutes of contacts can hurt more than it helps. And to me, I have you would as a problem of memory and State Management in an agent. across all the conversations that I've had with this, particular chatbot when I go and I asked for something whether it's in the middle of an active conversation or a brand new one, what information about me or about my Intense or previous interactions is this agent drawing from and that's something that it were taking a pretty close look at at databricks, and from a research perspective, as. And, and I think it's an important topic for the industry at large agent memory... And how do you wait? Memories. Exactly core. You referring to the short term memory and long-term memory where the 15-minute conversation has has passed and nothing has been diluted with other conversation that 15 minute turn can put in a long-term memory and can be rude On Demand.. And the short term memory is,, I'm going to flush this out and I'm going to start a new session, but I'll keep that in short to memory. If there is a reference to sudden thing that I talked about, previously that doesn't exist in my short-term memory. I'm gonna go and refer to the long term memory to see if the context is there. And that way, is you say it? It maintains A good flow and you as a user has a better experience to say, this guy remembers everything for the last half an hour that had. it's a human really be paying attention to you. And and referring to something that you had asked about 15 to 20 minutes. Half an hour ago that is and that is a moment. Oh wow, this is a brilliant. I can't I can't believe half an hour half an hour ago I asked you to do something and I refer to it. Now we comes back and gives me a full answer. That is definitely Aha moment, magical. I'll tell you what though, when I encounter chatbots in the wild and they don't work that I am very adamant caps locks and everything saying how bad this damn bought is, and I, I'm trying to fly it, whoever is doing evals on the other side. They see that, oh, maybe we should try and make it better in this area., it's funny because one customer that we worked with, they were they lost a production without really doing too much for us though. And, at some point they were looking at all. They're responses that's, I think most of their chats were people, swearing out the chatbot, and really, it was trying to serve a different purpose, but ended up being a therapy chatbot for all their users. But, but interesting Danny when he, when you become abusive to the chat bone, if you have a judge that did that, that has the frustration., for example, in the middle floor, we have the built-in evaluation call user frustration,? And you detects it, detects your language and tonality and based on that it would respond sometimes it surprises. You when,, you were frustrated about this topic and you would come back with a nice polite answer to mitigate the frustration. I think that's an interesting way. How chat boards can somehow appear, human interaction because of the fact that we have this old both in as as custom judges, you can write and you can specify in tailored to your to your, to your chatbot,? They have the chatbot is talking about insects then in everything dealing with insects would be mortality., The other piece of this Beyond yelling at the chatbot is the degree to, which folks are collecting, thumbs up thumbs down, categorical and freeform feedback from their chatbots. I, I notice that a lot of folks. The first time they deploy to production I haven't really thought about collecting those signals, as much as you might expect. As a result,, Demetrios you resort to caps locking and yelling at an agent in the chat window but it's often High signal for developers. If they can get a more structured set of feedback if they can get thumbs up, thumbs down, or they can get a one-to-five rating and they can they can carve out a separate text window or field for an explanation about why things are going or where that they or where they can improve. And I think a lot of folks treat that as an afterthought and it's a little bit surprising at least to me because it's pretty fundamental to a figuring out if you deployed something that working reasonably and then be automating that process of fixing and identifying quality issues in the future. It's hard to automate the detection of a real quality problem without having some early signal from your users about what the quality problems are., The the upshot here would be feedback, collection is massively important and to some extent under invested in in the chat body ecosystem. And the interesting thing is it's very easy to build all the stuff that folks are doing around stitching together., tool calling chatbots with knowledge databases and external apis and putting that an awesome web, front, end, storing data securely, all that stuff is hard., collecting a little bit of end user feedback is pretty straightforward and I'll shamelessly plug the mlflow feedback collection apis as being a particularly low friction and easy products surface to use. But the point is spend that extra hour that's that's really all it should take to wire up some and user feedback to understand the quality of your agents. Who you touch them, very important Point, how do we take the human feedback and not and and operationalize it from your,, from your experience talking to customers even though it is, how do you think they doing it? when they have the ammo flow deployed and they're going through the UI to additional feedback, how does it get injected into? Into the into the traces they can improve that., it's a great question. what you have with most deployed agents where you've integrated, some amount of tracing is effectively this massive log statements, whether you collected them with mlflow or a variety of other Solutions you you have thousands hundreds of thousands even millions of these time. Stamped logs you can open them up and you can see this statement by statement. Stack Trace what feedback helps you do is filter those. I want to find the needles in this Haystack., most of my hundreds of thousands of interactions aren't necessarily going to be labeled. The quality might be reasonably good. If folks didn't take the time to express their frustration or,, provide some feedback. And, what I would to quickly do is ignore all the stuff that I know is working., I don't have to look at closely. I want to click in this UI. Apply a filter for certain types of Negative feedback. For example, user frustration is is high,? I'm gonna apply that filter or the completeness of whatever task the agent was being asked to perform is low, it's only providing partial information or not fully meeting the users objective that condenses this log of thousands and hundreds of thousands of of Stack traces into a few things that I can, then analyze more deeply and start to root. Cause it's great to understand that the user was frustrated, why?, now I have to take a look at those particular log statements, then in the future, once I've uncovered that root cause and I've started Implement a fix, I don't have to go back to my end user and say, is this better now. I should be able to take their their feedback and turn it into some unit tests and that's where these evals,, automated techniques, really help. that's the pipeline that I see it starts at The feedback collection and proceeds to filtering. There is some human debugging and then you're fixing with these automated unit tests that you can build. And those are unit tests, somehow help us to improve the prompt as,? Not to not, not to get repeat the same rut again, not to get into the same frustration Loop and all that., I think there's a variety of solutions out there. prompt optimization is certainly one prompts and still remain. I think a major determining factor of agent quality two or three years ago everybody was talking about hiring professional prompt Engineers a year after that. It was this prompt engineering thing is brittle, we should look at fine-tuning. We there are other techniques that that may serve us better and get us further. It's prompt engineering though is Romaine front and center for a lot of agent developers. you're absolutely and the process of fixing an issue. I may want to do a fair bit of prompt engineering to get the agents to make better decisions. Retrieve information from a knowledge Source more, proactively issue, queries against the web service, Somewhat differently and Beyond, or take on a different. Persona, these are all valid use cases for prompt engineering and something that we've been investing in quite a bit in mlflow is making that quick and effective. And I've personally spent days prompt, engineering Voice Assistant that I build at home and it can be agonizing, wouldn't it be great if there was some automated technique that I could use to make that process a little more efficient and that's where, the research Folks a databricks, but all more broadly in Academia. I have been pushing forward. This concept of prompt optimization, given the collection of negative feedback giving some information about what isn't working in an agent and give us a set of prompts. How can I come up with better? The versions of those problems that that mitigate and fix those issues? And can I treat this a optimization job and an automated automated solution rather than this human in the Loop English instruction modifications thing? Where, I don't know if I'm making deterministic progress and I might be spending hours or days coming up with better versions of my prompt. He took another this way, the Gap help to decision comes into play, where you can, optimize your prompt engineering using the, the get power optimization is part of the mlflow library., One of the things, as you mentioned that when you want to automate that, the problem engineering part would be. Here's a, here's a set of prompts running through the Gap. Run it through the Gap optimization to get the best bomb to see how how you can do that. One thing that I find interesting, when it comes to, Trying to optimize your prompts. From. When you're out there and you're trying to add all these edge cases, you can quickly get into a place where you've got this massive prompt because you've added all these edge cases in and then you end up destroying your usability of the agent since you tried to cover for all this. And I know I've seen folks that will focus on, dynamically adding in or injecting in the context, and that's why we Have all heard,, the rise of the context engineer Because You Gotta Throw the context in at the time. And you really want to have not more than you need. It's if it's anything, it's enough but not too much. It certainly and if you're not careful you said, you end up rewriting a rule-based system, except this time you're not writing it in python or typescript or Java or whatever you're writing it in English and, that is effectively becomes lower quality and more brittle almost than running it in code., you're 100%? And that's where some of these optimization techniques and Optimizer a Frameworks, DS, Pi that we try to integrate closely with. And mlflow can help you avoid that, because they're, you have to force them to generalize across a whole bunch of samples at once. you can't necessarily overfit sample by sample by sample. Ultimately,, you're that Optimizer is not going to be able to produce good quality, that way across thousands of of test cases. that's certainly one way to arrive at a prompt that a fixes your problem, but B avoids, that overfitting and rule-based prompting the quickly. Really get out of hands. I that really resonates, absolutely., I don't know if we've seen our own customers hit the case where they're adding much stuff into the prompt that it's really polluting the conversation. I think they, they're still more in the state of we've thrown something in there and we're still trying to figure out how good is the, the Asian in general. But,, also I feel people have stopped short of that because they are cost conscious as. I didn't want to blow their L and token budget and that is something they're tracking very closely.,, a lot of construct, this massive prompts that continuously sucks all your budget every single turn and you were, you were talking about something before gory that I think is fascinating when it comes to the feedback collection and how you normally need to bring in the subject matter experts for that type of a thing. When you get that feedback, it's great from users. If they raise their hand and they're kind enough to take the time and tell you what's wrong with it. But a lot of times when you're looking at these multi-turn conversations, you're gonna bring in a subject matter expert and say is it doing what we want it to be doing. And I've heard a huge complaint from folks about how subject matter experts don't want to be looking at Jason they in fact that can't really be doing that. you have to figure out how can I give these folks the data in a way that they can properly annotate it and Add value to it. That isn't logs dump. 100%. Absolutely. And that's something that we've spent quite a bit of time at databricks and in the mlflow open source Community, the investing in attempting to address that challenge of as a domain expert. How do I quickly, recreate that same view that that end user had overlay. Some extra information that helps the domain expert, get to the bottom of what went wrong and then very quickly provide their expertise. And that's a matter of, if I have a chatbot out there and users said, it is really isn't going,, dimitrios, I'm yelling at the thing, I'm frustrated, whatever. I as I then call in my domain expert, Danny, or jewels, and their reviewing this interaction. They're trying to figure out whether this agents that's designed to answer questions about Telecom customers or something. Is what is it? That is making Demetrios frustrated, they should be able to Replay that exact chat. They should have access to the turn-by-turn chat, first and foremost, but then oftentimes, that isn't 100% sufficient, they should also be able to see,, this particular turn of the chat, the agent went and accessed information, where did it access?, it accessed information about the user's account, rather than about the line of products dimitrios was trying to get a new phone. He's not asking about his account or billing related questions. if I can give Donnie and jewels that information in a UI and they can look through it and very quickly go out,, this thing is fetching, the wrong info. Then that's very, it's very easy for them to come back and say, all, I found the source of dimitrios frustration. It was,, the knowledge retrieval problem and in databricks, we've invested quite a bit of time building this review application where I can collect a bunch of these chat sessions and I can send them over to domain. It's in my organization they get back that full chat view with the overlay of what information was retrieved that way. They can dive deeper and they get this awesome feedback form where they can provide root cause analysis which then helps the developer go back and fix their agent. They can then send that review app to any other member of their organization and we've been really invested and actively working on bringing this into the open source Community as. The vision is the anybody running open source on all flow, should be able to spin up exactly the same UI. Send it to any other member of their organization and start collecting these labels. And, that's a problem that hits home is deeply. I think personal to all of us on this call at this point. What? Maybe it's interesting to talk for a second about how mlflow you traditionally were building for data scientists.. And now do you feel the Persona has changed? And if who are you building for? There's more stakeholders involved. What does it look now? 100%. We we are focused on continuing to serve that community of data scientists who want to build. Awesome, high-quality models, and to make clear, that's not going anywhere and is super important to us. At the same time, what we found a couple of years ago is there's much Synergy between agent developments and model developments. You're going through this process of building an initial version of in AI application, you're measuring, its quality. You're iterating on your managing the deployments of that thing. You're collecting signals from your end users. Once you've deployed it., that's true. Whether you're building an agent or a model and we felt wow we can we can take on this problem, we can start to addressing the needs of agent of developers but as you dive in the next order of detail around how do I measure quality? How do I deploy this thing and understand whether its operating and and production as we've talked about looks a fair Different. And that's where you have to serve your agent developer who's building that initial version of an agent by giving them logs and observability and stack traces they can debug the same way that you serve the model developer by giving them a way to track train tests and Val loss during the training process. It's you you're meeting similar needs but you're doing it with different tooling and then at the point of I'm trying to evaluate and improve quality. the the for the model developer again, they're going to take a look at that test loss and they're going to go and do feature engineering and things that. But for the agent developer to evaluate quality, they need to go talk to a domain expert within their organization, or they need to have these awesome out of the box, llm judges that can look at natural language response and determine whether it needs the needs of the user who sent the query or not. That. again, similar objectives, very different sets of tools underneath. we're still serving AI developers model developers and agent developers but it's required us to tap these brand new spaces of agent evaluations and things prompt optimization and build higher Fidelity feedback collection into the platform. what you'll see now when you go to ml float.org you install them all flow and open it up. Is you get this structured experimentation and deployment platform for ML and Jai. But you you pick the the objective of my building and AI agents or my building, an ml model, we tailor The Experience based on that selection. I think Corey is absolutely in terms of this is a natural progression that we serving in two different audiences,? As, as he pointed out the data scientists deal with models, which are deterministic and evaluation criteria is more quantitative., you have, you have a certain position that you referring to your certain recall. Whereas if you look at the experimentation, they go through the same process but the evaluation process is quite different,? You have more a non-deterministic model where you now have this set of built-in judges and a set of Customs judges that evaluate based on the criteria. And I see I see a similarity between prompt optimization and fine, tuning a traditional model. They are similar tools and similar techniques they use. But it's an actual progression and thing we emblem for currently serves both needs., with your traditional ml engineer, and data scientist, you can use them before local, that particular need. And if you have the recent more engineers in Janine developers with building agents is Corey pointed. Out. We have a set of techniques and tools and judges that allow you to measure that in a way that meets your media demands and media needs,? But also very often it's the same person doing both,?, I think, while back were,, who is building agents, I'm curious to whether you've seen this as., we're oh maybe it's all these, new class of Engineers who are building agents and, we're not talking to them at all. And then we went on. I talked to, a bunch a bunch of people, including a lot of nanamo users and it seems A lot of people shifted from being,, I used to be a data scientist or data engineer collaborating on the classic Model and now I've rebranded into, Jenny, I Engineer, hey here. And that's, that's still probably,,, half the market is these, former data scientists or data, Engineers, or Emily's converted into these Gene AI people., that that's where they often, then we'll come to us and be, hey, we've already used them all in the past., we would love to continue using a more flow. But only there are these, new,, Engineers who haven't really gone to this hospital for and then they're, what is an eval was. then an education component there of,, hey, we've already built all this expertise over Decades of how to, how do you iterate quickly to get high quality,, outputs,? Let us tip teach you one of the best practices there.,, that answers my question that was going through my head, as you guys were talking, which is, why not make a different product? Why not separate the two? but it feels if it is for almost this very similar Persona, then it makes sense because they're already familiar with mlflow, they're going to extend the capabilities Absolutely. The case I think that there are from what I've seen, Two temptations that product. Developers competitors out there have had to Grapple with the first you say. Is that temptation to? I'm gonna build a brand new product. Throw everything out,, it's a brand new world of Asian development. We don't need all that ml stuff. People can install a totally separate package, hope host, a separates service managed. The work entirely separately are agent developers, who was Danny points out of the same. Folks need a different platform. They're going to install something else that we build and we're gonna have to maintain two different ecosystems. That's the first Temptation. Second temptation is, there's nothing different here. It's all,, training jobs and and,, quality measurements for agents and, and for models, I'll comes down to metrics anyway. what, what's the difference and that has its own problems? At the Asian developer needs traces? The model developer?,, they might want them way in the future after they deploy something, but it's not even something they're thinking about, A, as they start to build a new use case, the Asian developer needs llm as a judge. I don't know why the heck, I would use that if I was building a traditional machine learning classifier. you definitely have to understand. The workflows are different and the tools are different. But the, the objectives and the Persona, the person, that's that's trying to meet those objectives Remains the Same. They don't want to,, they have to learn install, a separate platform, the the business stakeholders or folks that are making purchasing and decisions within an organization. They want to pay for multiple platforms and set them up and figure out how to make them available. we believe we found a pretty good. Happy middle here., the one platform with the tooling for those Asian devs and model developers who are often data scientists. fair bit of software Engineers as., the Persona is really had to meet in the middle in a way data scientists had to learn how to become better software engineers and then software Engineers had to learn how to become better data scientists and you have this nice Venn diagram of of both of those skill sets that you need and you want to take advantage of and I do see the agent building very much as Lots of software. Skills that we're talking about. But being able to fall back on fundamental data science, type stuff is crucial. It really is, especially as the actual software development, part of it is increasingly automated, the coding assistant's, eight, agents. Building agents are becoming the defacto pattern for a new use case. We talked to customers all the time where, despite the fact that Claude code and codecs and other tools, really only Rose to prominence within the last year. Or, everybody has subscriptions all throughout a lot of our customers. The entire Dev team is using these things to build their agents and it's easier than ever for them. To integrate new tools into their agent or connect a new data source or or even ask,, something clotter kodaks to prompted engineer. And then because the software development life cycle accelerated, they have to fall back even more quickly in their workflow to,, what does the quality look how? is this going those data science skills to your point become increasingly Important earlier. I'm not thinking about it three or four weeks from now, after I've hand-coded an entire agent, I'm thinking about it three or four hours from now because the the code is already written because I,, I asked a coding assistant to do it and where this is all leading I believe is a ensuring that folks can do the data science properly themselves but the B Why can't we enable coding systems to do some of this too? there is I think an appetite out there for,, if I'm asking clot or codex to build a an awesome agent, can I ask it to evaluate it as? Can I give it some example inputs or tell it more about what I'm trying to build and let it come up with those inputs, can I then asked it to assess quality and iterate? And as a result we've tried to make all of them. All flows, judges evaluation capabilities, feedback, functionality available to coding assistance. Through mCP, I give you drop mlflow into my coating assistant and have it act the the agent developer, which includes the eval. And the more data science he work and that's something that folks seem to appreciate as. Chose your offer me. I get the feeling you got something to say. No, Corey articulated very that the Persona is now a merging along and it's hard to say I'm a data scientist or I'm a data engineer, or I am an architect, given the ability and the extensibility of code. Assistant to say, go ahead and create a traditional model for me. I'm not even a data scientist, but I'm saying the developer might say, I'm not a data signed. By the heard about you can create it or classical traditional model and they will do it for me. I don't have to have the skilled. The skills comes in. How do you measure the metrics in which metrics do you want to use for a classical model or for an agent? I think that's where the skills can be. That's where the background knowledge comes in but the coding assistance can do one thing or the other is as Corey pointed out. You drop in an MCB server with code. And you can say, go ahead and go ahead and write and write me an agent to to evaluate this particular chat. I think we entering we entering this new front here where where the personas are very gray area but you need the background to be able to say how I'm going to assess and what are the things that I need to know to understand to get the best out of this particular piece of software that the agent was created. I think one cool thing that's I'm at least. I'm also seeing is that Yes, these persons are merging but also a lot of the animation seems to be coming from the more data science persona or people who are versed in that space. A couple examples of this would be I think we've seen on our very good success with if you want to switch between different. you're using a Gemini model. You want to switch to gp2 or vice versa. How do you how do you make that switch? Your prompts are tied to your models. I think there's the data science will was this looks model distillation. How do I teach him to act a different model? And I think we've seen that if you combine if you try to do that and use DS pi and the mix to do that, you get really really good results. In fact,, we've we've even seen results where you can use a smaller cheaper model and I can really accurately reflective outputs of a much more sense of model. it's almost a cost optimization.? that's one Innovation. I think that's coming out of more traditional researcher data, science spaces. But I want to read heard something. What Cory said, which was I think the amount of team has done a fabulous job of even though having two distinct platform, one for the agent developers and Gina developed, another one for the for the mlflow, traditional machine learning scientists, the concepts are not very dissimilar,? Both need experimentation Board needs a way to to fine-tune as I said earlier, which one won, does the prompt and realization? The other does the fine-tuning Board needs a set of data sets that you're going to provision over. you training data set you need a evaluation data said you need a test set. We do the same thing in Jane Eyre. We hit the data sets I think the concepts are very similar and the underlying tools and techniques used are our percussion across. Both this particular platforms. somebody who's familiar with with ML and is coming into geni, can do their or somebody who's familiar with jni and is going into ml, can easily transport those political. I think conceptually And Visually and and through workflow, they're not very dissimilar. I think the immortal team has done a very concious job in making sure that the efforts of flawless from one for the other is not you're in a completely different world. There is some Concepts that I should come from. There's a when diagram as Dimitri's settle tools and Concepts the merged together. Absolutely. The case I also wanted to dive deeper into that model distillation piece that Danny was bringing up, because I think it's a great example of a capability, that folks resonate with whether they're coming from a data science, background doing model development, or they're building agents. Everybody wants as high quality and ai-powered applications possible and they want it for 0 dollars and obviously you trade off cost and quality a fair bit, but the real upshot, I think a lot of this work and model distillation is I can build a great agents using Frontier models. And then over time, once I understand the quality of that age and the factors that determine quality, I can I can ramp that choice of model down to a less intelligent. Less expensive Frontier without sacrificing quality. And what I need is a structured way to measure it. And what I need is a structured way to adjust my agents., in particular, if I'm going to change models. the task of moving from a GPT 5/2 down to a GPT 5. Mini, for example, or a Gemini Pro to flash that process requires me to understand what are the examples of great agent quality? What are the examples of negative quality that I'm trying to avoid and how do I tailor my agents instructions? that many can understand those instructions as as as GPT 52 Etc. if I have both of those pieces which I'm also provides I can get to a point of cutting my costs by a factor of 10 even 20x by virtue of switching the model. And that's pretty powerful as. One other area I want to hit on Danny. We talked about a little bit. Last time we chatted was the idea of governance and how Folks are really trying to figure that out now. It's specially with agents, being able to read and write and you're who are we gonna blame when they write the wrong thing? How are we going to keep tabs on this especially if we're at an organization with 100,000 people and they all know are leveraging agents., I think governments is a super hot topic for us now. I did everything and Corey's been in a lot of these conversations more recently than I have, I guess databases,, we're known for governance. We think about governance a lot. I think I governance breaks down to a couple of components here. Probably the first thing that people talk to us about is,, I have pi, and this and all my different,, Asians and traces,, what do I do with that? How do I insurance? Only the? People nice to that and then there's all. I guess if fumbles out into, what data does the Asian have access to as, who can use, what agents, and all? really gets into that AI Gateway Realm as of,, fall back to different models, control costs, one or not., I think we're thinking about all that stuff now on our side, what we do, have an AI Gateway Managed component. I think Corey we've now is a controversial to say that. We are exploring open source.. I would go beyond that and say,, the mlflow has and for you but to we are, I think the plan is to invest substantially more into an open source. Governance Gateway solution here,? 100% absolutely. And going a level deeper on that access. I think Danny. There's did a fantastic job of discussing the aspects of model access to data and then developer access to the data that an agent produces. going back to that that model access to data problem. We are invested pretty heavily in providing cost controls for model access as part of Open Source mlflow also providing data access controls. I have a bunch of tools. I have this awesome Tool, Catalog with mCP, I'm gonna hook it up to my agents. How do I make sure that,, the tools are exposed to the agents for different use cases and that,, they you don't have an agent accessing data that it shouldn't be allowed to, for example, about it, completely different customer these knowledge bases are are pretty sensitive and then walking down tool access is really important but then, as I mentioned, cost controls, I have two teams building. Agents one is building a low QPS chatbot. The other one is processing billions of documents every day they require different budgets and blowing the budget at a one that project and exceeding costs can mean that the other developers don't get to do anything. And, folks definitely need what we Call this AI Gateway that allows organizations to say, all, for your use case, here's your budget. Here are the models you have access to here, the tools that you have access to, if you need something else,, come and talk to us, talk to your admins and we'll grant that access and a structured manner. Otherwise it's,, API Keys flying around access to data on regulated. It becomes chaos and there's real risks there from a model access to data and costs governance perspective and I think we could probably talk about that all day and as Danny mentioned in terms of developer access to agent data, that second consideration, there's some big challenges around that as. Pii ensuring that only privileged eyes can look at certain slices of those traces. That's all super important and that's where databricks Unity catalog has been the crafted and tuned for years to. Provides governed, access to model data, agent data, bi data. All of, that this is no difference than any arbitrary set of sensitive data. You're ingesting into our platform, it's that it's coming out of an agent. You need to govern and manage it and share it, as securely. And that's where,, we've been building databricks on all flow on top of unity catalog. In this amazing secure Enterprise grade and governed data Lake on databricks... I have a separate video where I also think a lot about Pi detection and and how it really, you need to catalog. And I think one thing is A similar to what we're seeing here which is the easiest thing that people will start with is they will redact all pi. And nobody has access to this or totally lock it down, but rarely is that the actual goal? you catalog there's been a lot of Investments on., how do you do a back attribute based access control? that and what people are trying to do now is,, if there's a scalable way to manage governance, then I would open a data as much as possible to people who should have access to it. But in absence of that technology then they'll say let me fully lock it down. Nobody can see this information and that's now you're losing a lot of business value that you that you could be getting access to,? I think that's all going to be playing out within the Asian space. Too, where if you want to really debug, why is an Asian going wrong or you want to do Downstream bi inside out of this stuff, sometimes you you are gonna need to capture some pee from information. not everybody has that. And at least were we've seen some early success. Here is having all this traces, get ingested directly into adults table. And then now you have access to all the governance controls, you have with the catalog and you can go back to Of having an open access and sharing and doing all your data streams,? Whereas, a lot of, I think, the other competitors, or vendor Solutions out there, their default reaction is, let's give you a tool to redact all API and have a never landed to begin with, to me. That's, that's a great first step, but it means that you're, you're locking away a lot of that, super valuable data that you could be really analyzing in and parsing., I've talked to people who can't use memory tools because the memory tools by default,, the open source ones that you get Off the shelf now, expose all of this conversation that's happening with their users and and there's pi. All over, it's littered throughout that even if you extract away. Sensitive data, that's obviously sensitive. a social security number. For example, inside of the Enterprise, if you're asking a chatbot to help you craft an email to fire someone that's all. sensitive. And, that's much harder to Get. When you're thinking of it, in the traditional sense of pii,, it's not oh that's not my credit card number, that's not my social security number, but that is very sensitive. you're talking about Dimitri, you're talking about,, the the Daniel was talking about the Pai that can be redacted and there comes up quite a bit in Meetup talks about how we going to redact the traces but images, I think you bring up a point where important is I'm crafting an email which is going to fire someone or I'm crafting email, that's going to promote someone that's considered,, private information. How do you read out that,, what's the context? the context is important. How do I take a piece of trace or a piece of output that has come up and then evaluate and categorize that essensity announcements do? That's again and evaluation criteria., I was gonna say and the process of redacting Pi is a hard process., I think a lot of people will start thinking,, let me write something random redirects. For people who are a little bit more sophisticated, they might use Microsoft Presidio. But I think everybody I've talked to including ourselves who've tried it is he gets many false positives. You, you miss everything., what, what we end up having to build for our own API detection? Offering is, we had to build an agency essentially, a whole,, complex, sequence of LMS, and hero 671, not to figure out,, with relatively low cost, what is pi, what is not. And we've seen that is much much better than my the office off the shelf Solutions out there. Here. And what makes this a lot easier is having access to the rod data if I can treat this thing as a data frame or as a table and use all the Brilliance,, SQL and Python and ecosystem tools for scrubbing that data analyzing and tweaking and feeding only subsets that I know are safe into a memory database. that when Demetrius is tool reads from, and I know that it's reading information that,, is, is safe and secure, that's really important. Unfortunately, a lot of solutions out there don't give you access the raw data., typically, these traces get dumped into some shared big multi-tenant, postgres database and if you ask for hey how can I get a table or a data frame or the raw records that they can do some more complex analysis or find pi? And redact it. The answer is good luck it's you can't get that data back and that's where again. This databricks unity catalog, Delta table approach that stores, all of your data as a beautiful, tabular formats. And data frames makes this analysis. A lot easier you can plug in any tool from the ecosystem. You can use sequel. You can express any transformation or Pai reduction test that you'd and that's really powerful as. Now I'm excited for what future stuff we start building was base as because bases tailored to this use case that Demetrius you're talking about.? You want a database that it has fast access retrieval and we're not but, as, governed?? And that is, I think the promise of Lake based on database as.