But assume that the AI was the main driver of producing and maintaining software. While she designed, we asked the eye model., if you wanted to add a table or should do and AI model, I to have a function that at Sables. We're starting to see more understanding and the ecosystem of how to connect AI to software. Now, a lot of sandboxes, they are usually Jupiter style kernels. They run they disappear and it's, oh very far more. the status quo in the variables are gone, it's not great because that's not how we interact with each other's systems. We try to do it. We come back to many hours later and keep going again. Oh, we go take a nap or wake up in the morning. I'm gonna make coffee going in, oh, that's terrible. even though there's much activity, It was hard to figure out what's working.. But then That's exciting. I guess, it's almost the early days of,, new technology, people adopting it,, getting it out there. And I think for us what we are seeing at least from our users out point of view has been,, this really people wanted to work a lot of AI that's really fancy. Generates really cool things. But end of the day what we are seeing is that I wanted to do some work for me know, parse my emails, read my invoices, get my air table in shape,, stuff that,? And sometimes the even though we are seeing all this amazing fancy things out there, I think the basics important,, can it do the basic day-to-day operations that we care about,? And I think that's, that's not what we're seeing. people want things that work. And I think I think that's come back to the ground. Again of this height. That's reality. Let's bring that together and expectations are aligned., because you can get into trouble if you're going off of the hype and yes, then you're promising the world and not delivering on much. Exactly, exactly that. There's all these different potential use cases, but the ones that work are human far between. Have you seen some Pretty common use cases that are reliably., I do try, what we do is that we are building a TI agent that completes tasks across your apps and also be this January agent that works,, understands how to work across different software, use emails, CRM, spreadsheets. on, we're seeing we're starting to see, a lot of people understand how to use it and get a lot of success with it. And I think the nature of the task that we normally see working all those that, yes data and one system, you could pull it out, you go to transform it in some way using AI normally and they go to put it back in a different system. For example, get my invoices that are coming through my emails, pull out the different 99 items, get it into my accounting software or expressing working with QuickBooks not very and it turns out that,, it's a thing about that. That makes a lot of sense because our software services are separate and silos,? They don't work together but it turns out that the AI has the ability to Now understand how to interact with each. Piece of software we work with and be able to glue them together,?, besides to see that that work that process work really., the thing I described is a process that works really on Nutri. But I think as we start to,, but I think what happened to see is two things in there. I think one is, that model is the current generation of generational models have caught in a really good at understanding software. code generation cursor, wind Services a lot. But at the same time that ability to produce software can now be something that everyday business users can harness to automate work. And number two, I think it's that we're starting to see,, more understanding and the ecosystem of how to connect AI to software,. we have been working on this for a long time and I think at the core of it is figuring out what is the AI computer interface is. No, I don't I don't think it's going to be the point I don't I don't think there's gonna be the raw apis. It has something in between that is abstracted away for the AI to work with, MTP things this coming to bear. I think when you have all those pieces start to come together and click,, things are starting to work quite, dude, it's funny. You mentioned the ETL process. But now for AI, I'm sure you thought about that. You realize, oh, it's the same ETL stuff we've been doing in data engineering, but now we have more ability to decide what we're extracting and what we're transforming. And then where we're going with that, maybe give an example for some fascinating use cases and down the lines. one of the things that we found is that The challenges that's your point,? We used to be all stuck in tabular data to us. You need to have a schema database around it, but a lot of real world data is not tabular. It's not in the schema that. here's one example of a anti-wind process that we see some users trying to do, which is I have a sheet of people sign ups,, maybe in an error table or Google sheet, there's some missing data in there,, some of the form completely with,, maybe the name their addresses.,,, budget for something., and then I got to email this 100 people say give me that data point and, you didn't put in to your sign up form, this cannot be no and now is the ETR process. Of course, what you do is that you read the sheet, then you produce emails drops for each of the individuals, based on, how are they filled? And they send it out. Now, then he replied. Now, the different ETL process, you take the emails that they replied to you extract out using AI, the data that they're giving you. now, and if it back into the spreadsheet and narrow table where you need it, Now those both ETL processes but if you think about it, looks real work processes that we do every day., getting some form of a table of data missing data you follow up., exactly. stay fascinating that you start thinking that concept and saying because AI understands how to work with different applications. you don't have to program and which API is to call is a share the tools, you can use and number two because it can take that unstructured data from email content and get the piece of information out.,, you can set you really eating things,, extracting know extracting being,, figure out who's the tools transformed being AI, transform the data and then shove it into a different system, I made that verb. We are ET yelling, a whole lot of stuff. Now, you're not confined anymore. How do you think about integration? Makes sense., The way I think about the integration is what is the level of abstraction to give an AI, that it can be successful. It's going to., I think a lot of Integrations that we have today, apis were not designed for AI, they're designed for developers. Now here, all the error codes. If you do read it,, program it deterministically to do all of these things., and then for an AI model, sometimes that doesn't make sense. give it to maybe two examples in here. One is that we worked a lot with the Google Docs API because people want to create documents and edit them at the,, is AI to write documents for yourself. It turns out that there's a way to get the Google Doc API to add a table. Into the document. Now if you can figure it out, kudos to you because it was impossible to figure out a lot of thinking, and what he had to do was that,, create a table and then backwards compute how to fill in every cell and it's insane,,,, it's possible. But you need to, sit down really work through the details of that.. And any AI model is going to struggle with that. the abstraction that we want to get to for an action, that would be one level higher at a table to the document and behind the scenes, we as Engineers developers figure out what all the garni details and doing it.? And, as we doing Integrations is really thinking about that,, why? Because that's one use case,? When you say, and There's Millions this Millions. There's millions of Google docs with adding a table instances that you have to backwards engineer. Yes. it sounds that. I don't think it's it look at the level of getting different outside structure. I don't think you're gonna go all the way to such fine detail. we need to support this table that table we about tables,? it's a bit one level higher than the raw apis but not far abstracted that. It only does one task. All? one of the level would get to the the thing about that is that the way we think about it, is,, in a funny way that instead of setting down and designing and API for the AI, we asked the AI model if you were to wanted to if the LM, if you want to add a table or should you then a model?, I to have a function that at Stables., great. Let's do that.? almost observing, if we give it a set of Integrations and actions, what are the inclinations of the model? What Does it prefer to do? And then we adapt the way we design the Actions to what the model prefers. we designing around AI preferences, which is a very different thing to do. One of very one, surprisingly non-trivial thing, scratch sheet filling... I'm very common tasks. I have a sheet. I need to fill in data for every role. Maybe do some research on the web Fullerton. There are many ways to go about doing that. What is the abstraction to give an AI model to say? This is the way to update a row. Do you give it the function to say update a cell with coordinates gonna say maybe?, turns out, if you do that, you're gonna get off by one errors, it's going to be, oh I think there's a header roll, plus one, everything. Oh, no. It's not. If you give it an abstraction in, which I'm gonna give you the input data, that represents a row. And you tell me the columns to update based on the,, header as keys. Now it's gonna work no more off by one errors, no more issues in there. once you did, once you figure that out, for example, then the arrows are the models. Make go away because sometimes it's impossible to be the same Iris. And then you can see,, there's a model this in some ways,? Because you give them. All. This is a way to update. Is it getting it? Or is it trying to do something else? And this makes me think about is how the you're giving. I always think about trying to give the llm, the least amount of scope is possible and really directing it and almost ordering it to do one thing and do that one thing., but you're coming at it with this vision of What? Let's work together on it. You have a certain level of understanding and capabilities that work fairly. And take that into your understanding and do it, you're giving it more scope than I would have been if I were to attack this problem. Exactly., this is the one of the key principles we use in developing, AI Integrations. It's look at what a model is doing. The model is not doing what you think it would do. Don't go against it.. If I take a step back and go we should redesign out in the face, that, that thing that you want to do works, and then she becomes very easy because,, not fighting the model, now, they're doing what is really naturally programmed to do or learn to do in data and it turns out that everyone turns on the same data, all the model. it's the same tendency is that, and we see that across the platform where,, once we get it working and,, one more company, I the same system, then it works. Also with entropic, models, and Google models of the Tendencies are very similar and all of them. then what are some other ways that you've almost created? Workflows or programmed with the model, they have many different ways to get models. Interactive applications. Two very common Frameworks are react which is to get it to move function calling over and over again. That's the most popular one and then I think they don't want is called code act.,, you get it to write a bit of code and you run it and see the outputs. we are a big fan of the Codex approach. we've been doing that, before the paper came out, oh, that should be. We saw the first demo. gbd 4 was about know, I think Greg Brockman is on stage., demoing, coach Generations., wow, that's gonna work. This is very early days. we have always been big on that, that approach And it turns out when when you take the Kodak approach, a lot of things you can start doing now. for example, you say, hey model, I want you to produce code and I need the code to respect pipes. when you call this function and this function and that function and, pasta no data around and you play have a variable that goes around it, we can infer the types because it's cold., we can see that tight must be X and we get past it down, has to be a string. Oh, at this point of time. Good competitor number. And I don't. And that approach, you can say, produce a little bit of software called we can check whether the types match up, and it doesn't match up, not good. Go back through it again.,. And then you can see them and the model will fix itself. And now again it's a sprinters on and setting the model. you gotta stay in the gut bills and the guardrails come from external system. That is understood type tracking. programming. the model gets better but it is over time too. and that's a really good thing that that works. Really about practice. Are you using?, identity AI for this because they, that's a whole value prop that they have. We are using pandemic for a lot of type tracking and typing things for sure. We do it a lot for schemas and serialization of data, we use some degrees of pyrite, I think for type tracking. But then it's also interesting in that Doesn't balance to,? here's a fun party. Yes, type tracking is great. Get models to do type check code, and turns out that in Python variable shadowing, which is reusing a variable name that you once you use,, it's a very common thing,,,, you use a index and Loops or something this., type Checkers, don't that. you said it was a string. Now it's not a string anymore. What's going on guys? it has to be the same time in the whole function it turns out that going back to our first principle, the model keeps producing code, that doesn't respect that particular rule., great throw that rule out the window they rule out of the window but keep the rest of the rules.,. there's some rules that you can be also guided on a great guy rules that, but this guy real, the model really hates it., then you revisit, is it a good country real?, it's not a good real way,? it's AI first,, if I first system design.. If you were to design a environment for coding for execution for software to run but assumed that the AI was the main driver of producing and maintaining software what she design,?. And that's the mindset we have. Wow, over here.. Having the guardrail. But if for some reason, it keeps not liking the guardrails, see if you can Format. That guard rail differently.. McKinnon something that's such a no valuable for the model,?, that's a lot of the ways to think about it., what does the AI model want to do listening to me reasonable. It's got real a guy wrote, that's really important and you putting that up.. Because there's probably Hardline guardrails that you cannot change, but then there's other ones that you have their. For some reason that you thought it would be more useful. You thought that The model output would be more consistent or more accurate. And if for some reason it's not in that and how can we work around it? How can we maybe work with the model as I post to try to put yet another guard rail on it. Yes. I think when you see the two approaches? You want to go back to the problem and pump it more to do what you want to do, or change the way you set up the system. that accepts what the model is doing. And the latter turns out to be a lot more effective we found because it's,, fighting the model anymore,? really figuring it out. I think it's been a journey for us because he was the models. Keep changing, keep evolving, getting good and bad in. Something this episode here is Sponsored by the good Folks at mlflow the open source platform for teams looking to track manage and deploy ML and generative AI projects at scale. If you spend hours, keeping track of different llms, prompt versions, debugging agent, hallucinations or filling out. Spreadsheets of experiment results. Mlflow is the tool for you. This year, the ml flow team launched mlflow 3.0 the first major version update in four years along with a fully managed version. Now, available to everyone build and maintained by the original creators of mlflow. Shout out to Ben Wilson, we see you, man. Managed mlflow gives you access to full featured, Enterprise ready, ml Ops platform with zero setup required. You get effortless experimentation tracking automated model versioning, evaluation and seam. Employment, all that, plus The Cutting Edge features four gen AI workloads. Automated tracing agent evaluation and one click monitoring dashboards for your apps and agents with zero infrastructure. Headaches ready to try it out for free., Visit mlflow.log. Let's get back into this episode. Every tool has its own way of working and I can imagine you Are constantly thinking about, we need to create more Integrations with more tools. How do you look at that? And I know you mentioned mCP before, is that something that you're? All,, cool. Soon enough. We're gonna have mCP servers for all these different applications, and we won't have to think hard about the integration. putting things in there. I think I'm CP is very new and we do see a nice potential long-term future,? That's become a standard. Lots of people adopt. I do see a world in which every company does API now has MTP server next to it. That is someone the API, maybe a bit different and that is no molded around how AI should use it with problems and set a functions that he curate., but it's not that? And we're still figuring out what that should look., for example, mtps today, they're not output schemas and we think figuring out the output. Schema of mCP calls really important., the way webbing thing about it is one we have become MTP compatible at Ultra you can use omcp service. It will try today. But two, we want to make it possible for people to create Integrations today without waiting for MTP server to be available. Turns out that what our Integrations Integrations are a translation of how,, I external system. Normally apis work. And how that should be adapted to our internal way we integrate with AI. Translation are very open to being AI translated. And what we have build and ship in the last last month, was a way to take API docs from any system. Have a service that looks at our documentation, are how we set up things, how we configure authentication, also generate an integration all the code needed for that. And then immediately instantly tested out and then upon testing it out because it's important part, it's going to always work because of that edge cases and everything be able to have the model. See live data come in. Fix the integration and I roll it out. something that we've been doing it's it looks really with super based databases. You can bring into lutra Crut base apis, about the box now. It gets a bit more tricky when you start to work with really complex systems, crms, but we're getting there., when what? It's funny that you're saying this because back in 2022 or 2020 early 2023 after chat GPT came out and there was this. Boom. And it was before folks, were really doing stuff with code. Someone was in the MLS Community slack and they said, hey, I built this framework and all it is is you talking to an llm telling it what you want. But in stead of The llm. generating code, The Prompt was What would this look in code in your language? Oh, the LM was output its own basic gibberish and its own code. It's and then it would Create its own language in a way. And then it, you could re-put that into an llm and for some real weird, really wacky. Reason it understood it? Yes. I think the model is have some Tendencies,? They're, to process data in some ways or structure code or some things in some ways.. And I think that when you describe that, it reminds me, a lot of, Chain of Thought reasoning,? The first chain is to produce some pseudo code, this, internal jibberish. And then after that,, all maybe a plan and after that produce the actual thing you want to do and then it understands that too., we see in, we seen that a lot., it's fascinating that reasoning models work that today, because that whole process is now embedded into their reasoning model. And,, we definitely see a big step up and I moved to that.. And, how are you using different reasoning models? we what decided to be pretty model AG From day one. we use models from different providers and all back. And if I we stop between them and, falling back when my operator's not available and it works pretty. And and the way I think about reasoning models in particular, is a models in particular. Is that every model? What he does, different strengths, it turns out, for example, Gemini flashing models are really good at data extraction. Give it a bunch of data really fast, really high quality data. Extracting comes out nicely, even the multimodal data even more exactly stuff. It's really, really good at that. But what,, I don't think that they're great at writing,? And then these clot models. She write really nice content., tragedy now is the best image model. And we think of it, as can we help users or dynamically figure out the model? For the tasks? When they need it. All, if someone comes to platform and says I got a bunch of PDFs, I need to extract the data and put it into a spreadsheet ding, ding ding. I got the model for you. Exactly, you say,, we're going to use Gemini flash, to do all that extractions. We're going to use sonnet to figure out how to map, the data. Causes a lot of reasoning behind the data. And then,, if you run into any image, doc maybe use a different model there,? And that's what we do in practice and then the reasoning models that part really comes in critical understanding how to tie different systems together.. I need to book with system. A system be decided to set up the API sections. I have what is the way for me to tie to get a reason about it? Write some code run it? Now maybe it works great, maybe it feels and if it feels reasonable, why it feels try again go. that reasoning is really important and orchestration And that's why we use mostly. is it also, orchestrating, what models to be using?, yes in practice, yes. But what we do is that in the back end, we we do our own testing and pretty fine no. Did I traction? We Gemini flash. Now we're looking at them,? But and the top level is figuring out. What is the task? It's a task, creative writing report generation, where research or is a task,, data extraction, and then beating on the task we have hence elected the models based on evolved sets we have., that's a great way of doing it and all not sticking to one because you're, oh, I Gemini, the best know. It's Gemini's great for these tasks, exactly. let's use them, let's predefined that. We're gonna use them for that type of thing, that's. And then if we need others, then we'll go and find others. How are you thinking about? Super complex and long-running jobs. Yes, we the longest tasks. Someone has to try to do to, I think two or three days to run really. Imagine you press the type of progress and there's three days, it comes back, no way, but I think that there are different kinds of long running tasks that the kinds that one kind, which you're doing a bit of it. You need to see what is it? You always re-planning really, we or renting around the outcomes and then doing it more and more and more. This one long range task very high complex, knowledge work, correct that. Maybe a d research report about something and you got to make talk to even people data that that's pretty hard, there's another long-running tasks which we think AI is suited for today, which is do this same damn thing but over 100,000 rows They're the same thing over repeated over many, many things but I know verify me that's doing the thing. now where we are editing is a very good at that,? And then over time the former will get really good at 2 but the latter is where we are today. it's almost,. If you can do it once., yes, you can do it. You verify that it can be done, and then you do it a lot a lot. Yes., for example, the tasks in this case was to some extent, I have a spreadsheet of accounts websites. I want to research on, maybe all the people attending a conference, maybe all the nameless or something. I got from somewhere. Every single person in ml Community. What are you doing now? Pretty big task,, go to every single person represent them. Look up on LinkedIn. Look at up on Google Scholar, put all the data pieces together. Maybe even scared that and give me a final score on hey should this person be a good candidate to interview? on this podcast, I need that but now it's,, I got a 5,000 people or maybe 100,000 people in my community, run it on 10 hours, go running on people now. All. now this is where interestingly, this is very tight back to a bit of, how do you identically automate work? And this is where a bit of,, why we think metals cold act Shine versus react, because now, if you're producing software code, you can go, I want to write the function that does it for one rule. I'm gonna run that function a few times for you. Sure the output that's great. Now I'm going to write the for Loop that goes through all the rest. I keep running until it's done., it's not imagining. Now that's only four to five model interactions and you're often races. Now, if you do something more, the react framework, every single row is a single llm call. And never going to finish this because it's,. much more expensive. More expensive doesn't make sense.,. this is where,, we have already been focused on that approach because it scales very nicely to many different kinds of real-world tasks that people do.. the thing I described is a task, people do all the time now, 100%. And if you're in sales even more,, think about that as, Why is it input a Sprint store on a particular list of Target accounts? I carry about? Can it read my data from that system? Directly do this work and notes back into the CRM directly? Go. There's no difference. Conceptually from a CRM and a sheet. No hide. The high level.. database.. but a hot pot traditionally has been. I need to figure out the apis and Integrations that but I was oh wait. I have to if I have the Integrations ready to go into AI understands it I'm a prompt the way.. we have hotspot Integrations today and that's something they will do on their tasks., I love that., you're thinking about attributes or whatever it is, these custom fields that you have in HubSpot or Salesforce or whatever object with properties, could be Nest that could be,, arbitrarily complex. What you want it to be. Turns out that this is where Integrations get hot too host. The more system allows you to configure things to a very complex degree. The model, AI needs to understand the schema Behind configuration. we spend a lot of time on and as figuring out, how do we communicate use a Define schemas from external systems into our AI agent? that agent operates, it's able to understand the schemas For example, if you had spot or airtable, one of these things, they say I want to update a drop-down field with the value. XYZ it's one of the drop-down options, the system we rejected. you need to know the schema to walk with it. and then now, the I'm going to make the mistake of doing the wrong name, maybe it puts a space between,, qualified lead and The thing in hotspot often have no spaces is qualified lead without spaces there. how does your AI agent then? Understand that error comes back fixes itself and going in? All of those things. I think that we spend a lot of time thinking about an architecting for. simple, on our end, we look at it. It's qualified lead. No fucking space. And then for the agents, it's a little bit different. Yes Man, but that is that is cool to think about how how much it can unlock. when you don't have to, Say export as CSV. Yes. And you can let it run loose directly. This makes me wonder about Taking. this data and mixing your processes of the agents steps with traditional data processing and how you're looking at that because I imagine you have you, you mentioned You have certain models that you to use for certain tasks. Obviously, there's certain tasks that are better done with pandas or things that or spark or whatever it may be. How do you integrate the two of these? this is where it's really,, it's really beautiful in some ways when you tend to use Going back to get the Kodak framework., if you're in a world where you are orchestrating between apps, not by function calling, but by code generation, Pandas numpy. Whatever can be part of the output and it is today, when you use Lutron, it produces,, pandas pipeline. All the stuff that you'd, it is called, as. you could go be,, for this part, do this thing. That calls the AI function that extraction for this part use pandas to do some analysis. What is this part? You start small to do a regression analysis for this part. I generate a HTML file using a model. that's a nice pretty website that you can present the date at all. now I guess that composing across all your existing tools, you that do their processing with the AI tools that are new and bring it all together into one place,? that's really nice. The hot pot of this turns out turns out to be run thing.., if you think about the most of the time in the world, when you see people doing a code execution approach, the code runs in a very tight lockdown sandbox. I could interpreter from openai, that's been around for a while. You can use when they are gbt saying, write some code for me, do that in Python that python environment and lockdown sandbox. They can do nothing., that's it runs on Pyramid,? We cannot call apis. You cannot call out to other AI functions or or external systems. Now, That's where we took us that back in how do we then make it possible? No, and how do we then consider or the security implications of making a Sandbox? That can access the external wall? Such that the AI is working in a sentence box but it shouldn't be able to access that he's key secrets and he keys but it can call external it. Can bring data back,, that looked? And that's why we've been turned the last time designing on and then Second thing is that, now a lot of sandboxes. They are usually Jupiter style kernels. They run they disappear and it's, oh, we're very familiar. Oh, the status gone, the variables are gone. It's not great because that's not how we interact with ejecting systems. We chatted it, we come back, many hours later and keep going again, or we could take a nap or wake up in the morning. I'm gonna make coffee going in, oh, your state is gone. Now, that's terrible. But because we cannot keep, we can also know reasonably, keep all the machines running all the time. how do you make an environment that is more stateless,? we design, we have designed HD more of a stateless and environment, a stateless security sandbox iconic. that enables the AI to operate and that's the core of the, the cord at the core of it all., there's much that you said there that I don't want to dive into a special on this this stateful and stateless part and how you're enabling that because there's sometimes that you need it. There's sometimes that you don't and If you get the wrong time, you can either lose data, or you can lose processes or a long-running job. or if you, Keep it on too long. You can spend a lot of money. Exactly, exactly. this does a lot of design decisions in that one, but at a high level, if you, if we,, abstract ourselves into that go what A computer systems,, what's the state and they were talking about state food, stainless,? The state is what's in memory really, and one instructions in memory down execute against That's all the state that we need. We don't have to keep the machine around what we have to keep around. That's what's in memory this day? Yes, memory State and the current instruction State what's in the,, instruction stack. What's on my functions on the stack? What can I run, what I can call, but all the variables on my stack,? One easy way is to try to zeroize the entire machines did and say not many machine load it up and go again slow and might imagine how that works and whenever you chat in the Finish shut down. The machine says the state away and solution there. And other way is to,, be able to,, with strap machines and load updates, much faster, and other ways to rethink a whole runtime. And, let's design a whole new runtime that is designed around being stateless and then,, execute coat Rana writes it to memory but really controlled the entire No, interpretation of the code and how you start in the variables. That's another way to do it,? And we are much closer to the lot that approach where we, we don't exact know without eval eval. The python code that comes out. We inspected, we look at it, we run it., we integrated in the way we want to. And that gives us. A good amount of control. for example, one of the challenges that we ran into when we deploy, this was someone knows up their 100,000 rows spreadsheet. Go through treadless, for me, that's running. If you ran python out of the box or any programming language, it's there's no output,. It's the terminal is there is this running and is it running I don't know you're on top and see CPU is running it's good. it's been going but you really want your execution runtime environment to give a feedback.. How long has it been running for what actions is it taking what is it doing now? I didn't want to see a real-time indication of what's it doing., and the UI., that would be brilliant. of course we see the streaming of the Chachi giving us the answer back, but in the court runs the stream, too., but for the execution of the code and then maybe you even won an estimation. Can we, do static analysis and say oh this is how the code is laid out. This is the loop, it's going to be 9000 iterations. The situation has been running. Now it looks it's about five seconds for one iteration. Oh. 9,000 times 5 Seconds that's not only will take.. That'd be nice,? this other things that women,, looking at thinking, designing around and if you to try today, you start to see hints of that. you when neutral starts to run a piece of code, you see real time live streams of actions are staking you start to see indicators of,, time estimates,, and can make all of that better and more exact. And then, more importantly,, I functions are expensive., this thing is running for you nine times, and in the middle is calling some model. It's going to record a lot of Hogan soon.. And estimating not the time but also the cost. Oh I love this might cost you,, fight 1000 credits, AI credits to run because you're going to consume that many tokens,? that's all the things that come into the picture. When When you really start thinking about designing around,, AI operating software.,. I love that much on the cost. And it also feels you have a chance to Warn people or set up alerts or do something where maybe the first couple iterations, you don't do anything, but you take a pause and you say, hey, by the way, if this is gonna go 9,000 times, it's gonna probably cost you this much. Are you with that? Exactly. And then you can have that human say, yes, which if you don't get in traditional Sequel and stuff, I remember a horror story of a friend who did some a join and he was working at Spotify and then a week later. Somebody knocked on his door was, hey, why did we spend 40,000 dollars on something with the this,, our database bill Spike and he was oh that was a big join that I did. I didn't realize how big it was? And something this, where It's conscientious and the alerts are building in. And you're ready to say you can say, if I am about to spend over x amount, yes. Warn me. Exactly. Exactly. And then I said, that's the exact 30 things that we think a lot about because we had versions of neutral early on that didn't want and he was, I send one prompt and when I created a God now, what happened, shoot. And because it's a prompt,?. But meanwhile, there's a whole lot of stuff going on in the background. Exactly. we are entering a world in which a single prompt, could set off a whole chain of processes,, today,, I think that's having reports and articles can do,, no minutes hours. I work for you in the future. I can do day, work for you months of work for you without thinking about it. Wait that's. That's a lot to design around that., because if one problem can do that, you want to have all this ways to help users understand the implications of that one prompt, and today and that's where we're designing your own to. It was really thinking hard about., and I can also Imagine a world where you would want to try and give some advice or help say where maybe it's Here's what we've decided.? Here's the choice and you can click in. And maybe you're,, maybe I'll not all 9,000. Let's bring this down to 2,000 and we'll see if I can find any value there. Exactly, start start small the future 100, let me review it first or even better, AI. Can you review your own work? And if it's good, let's do the rest of them,? And in fact, I think,, the application developer, this is really nice because,, from a, even a business model perspective, a lot of AI I think would be more usage base,? The more you use it, the more work, the AI does for,, the more you on the charge for that too,? And if you can't help people understand the value of the work and the magnitude of the work, it also means that it's a very natural business thing to do, where such know paying by the dust. And it's really nice and aligns expectations,? And you do not want it to go off and do 9,000 rows of work if they're all going to be really bad. and that's the worst thing you can and you're paying for it.. that you hired it interns doing a terrible job, working really hard and it's, oh good, we do everything. That's not good,? but I think that's,, that's all Challenges to design in the space now. Especially when,, when you say one problem can do days of work., it's long-running jobs, man. Wow. You are thinking a lot about system design with AI. How do you feel system design will change in the coming years and especially if we're thinking? AI is only going to get better. The models the underlying models when I say AI, that could be interpreted as many things, but if we're looking at the underlying models, getting better, And being able to understand systems better. How do you feel system design is going to change? I don't View. Calls you motels in the few Dimensions, the first very obvious one is contacts with no line but it's very important. The reason for that is that, back in the day of GPD 4 when it was, I know, was it 8K or 32k? I don't remember. It is tiny contacts with those, and we had to do a lot of workarounds. All this work around rag, was a lot of it was because the next Windows was too small. I was at very small but now it's shop, the whole document and the PDF, I'll go with it,? that gets bigger, that really changes the way we think about things, and what we can, give the model as context if it can reason about them really. again, I think it's only enough costs. No cost, then equality and equality and equality of the outputs. And the reason why cost is very interesting and important is that It's most sealant, if we compare it to maybe a year or two ago, would you be for it used to be the single call to gbd 4 was? I don't know on the order of 60 dollars for million output tokens, only 120 some crazy amount and now it is on the audio of three dollars to five dollars. it's about 10, 20 x reduction, put it this way. If, if you would ask the AI to do a task, it had to make 20 calls to figure out the things to do, and each call was about no 50 cents.. 20 calls 50 cents, ten dollars to expensive. I don't ask any AI to read my emails and summarize them with all this. I did myself, but if that's a few cups of coffee there, by the divided by 20 Sunday, that's,, that's way cheaper,? 50 cents,?, 50 cents. I would do that. I can do that. That's great. But then, when something about that, why do you want to do that? It turns out that a lot of the times, the models are not perfect, they're not one of single shot. Give you the answer. And the more you can get a models to Decide it, I'm going to do a task. What do I need to get somebody can now Based on data, that's what I do next. The iterative way of using a model over and over and over again, is very powerful. We know it works, it's very agentic, but it's a ton of holes. if the cost of models keep going down, then more developers and more users myself will be very encouraged to call them a lot and calling them a lot., improves the performance a lot. cost is a big thing now because I think the most I really powerful now, if you put on Cross by 10x today, I suspect we will see how know a lot of games are,, how people do reasoning because keep calling it more that I think it's no party of outputs reasoning traces and on, he was going to be better to. A lot of the work we've done looking back has been working around those things. How do we work around contacts? Windows being too long. How do we work around being saving a number of calls we make and then how do we work around on trying to be smart about Which models. We use from a quality perspective. When all, but moving forward, those are not considerations. Then should be using them.,, it's we'll start worrying about what to put in the context window, put as much as we can. We'll not worry about how often to make calls. We call as much as we can and then quality wise, I think it's going to be no increasingly better or worse to. And that's the things that they treat things, pit attention to home, a very high level perspective. Do you think that's where the biggest bottlenecks are now? I think.. I think it's the quality cost trade-off curve. This, I think the thing that everyone's pushing on does this Frontier? Unlike what? That parallel. No quality cost Frontier is I think Google study Frontier now cool. but I think that's a that's much more we want to use it for and I think I think we'll, for example, when we generate Integrations today but we got to go and forgot the API docs for the new system on an integrate, we go to figure out, Lucas API, docs on what we are doing and generate code in the middle., test and run that code? Self debugged a few times and then produce an output.? We now have to be very prudent on what we sharpen as the API docs from the other system to show me everything. Wholesale, do we need to strip things out? Do we need to format it nicely? Do we need to be very careful while we put in there. If they contacts windows are very big and if we don't really have to worry that much saying we give it, we'll give it more contacts than he needs. Probably because it's not a concern to us same for the outline documentation. Now when we produce, Some integration. We need to test it runs in the loop, you continuously let it go into your super confident and I was,, when it's testing itself, we want to give it debugging information. it's going to make an API call an external system, observe what's going on and say it's great, that's fine. It was that we want to give it as much debugging traces as possible,? Not intended and that era, they're not,, what's wrong? But The the traces in the calls itself., maybe the headers that coming back, maybe hen all the details that you don't normally see as a user or even in the terminal,? Search, whatever stack Overflow for this. Exactly. Will be much more open to grabbing all of that. Something identity contacts too. No, but that requires the models to be able to accept long contacts. The reason about them and a good way and be cheap enough for us to do that because it was going to cost us a dollar each time when I'm gonna do that. It doesn't cost us five cents. Great once and holy are no brainer as much as you want? it's it's funny that you mentioned that because I wrote a blog post probably six months ago on how the Price per token is going down but price per answer is going up. Yes and it was that very fact of per token cool, it's dropped its plummeted but now because it is plummeted that leaves us creating more complex systems and sending more calls and no longer are we doing a back and forth? One off. Hey, give me a poem in the style of Bob Dylan about my last earnings. Call were Creating these complex systems. And since we have these complex systems and there's many calls being made our price per answer has gone up exactly it's a Joe bonds Paradox., it work that you want to use it and then Price per second token goes down, but we stuff much more contacts that same price again. we don't do more the price goes up... And I think they're,, all demand for the cement. I think it's great in that. The Connex input convex Windows have gotten very large things pump. Caching we use a lot as. That's super important and I think this was a trend now that the output windows are getting quite big too. And that tells that trend is only going to keep going. Are there any other trends that you think you're going to keep going? Say multi-modal it's a big one plus? a year or two ago Google Away by Dolly. Remember Dolly first came out. Oh my God. What is image us? And now we're oh, GPT image one, touchy things of course the table Stakes. That's it's the bar gets higher. quickly multimodal video, all that would keep coming to I think We will see a lot more, agentic type things out there, a genetic systems, I think. Were. from a quality cost perspective, not feasible. Definitely, two years ago when gb4 first came out a year ago was really expensive. This year. We're seeing in price prices plummet in a way that they become feasible. That too., what about you mentioned? How your using gemiini for the image understanding or extraction? Do you ever try with videos?. we but we don't know it works. I haven't tried that either but I realized that oh that's something cool that potentially also could be I don't know what the use case would be. I don't know if it's cool and then it doesn't have any real applications but that's fascinating one too. And imagine no take this podcast recording. Put the video and I think the support Treat to 4000 frames out of the box which is the video the audio to. And then you can say create figure out all the parts that will quit and cut them out and he produces for you then give us a minute long video and I know an hour shit, but he's, run it. And then came out for other parts that the audience on the bad, I run it through some of the filter to improve the audio. it's imagining, hey, someone things that we do manual at that thing and everything. The most thought, the reason about it, And as fascinating areas. one thing that I always love to do the real professional podcasts do this because they have a whole staff and team behind it, but they will, if you have an interview, they don't Give you the interview that you see or I should say this, a different way. What the end product that you see is is not the interview, how they recorded it, they slice and dice it, and move this part to the front and move that part to the back. And oh the story fits better this. And I never do that because I never have time to really think about it and get that creative and say, oh, that question should have been here and said, of, in the end of it. but, That's a potential use case. You could ask the model to give me, Pine points to slice the video's., I've always liked this generate a description where every slice cannot give me a reordering, a lot of spices. And then with this narrative, go better here. I think this question or this answer, we I jumped around. I was talking about Integrations, then we talked about something else, and then we went back to Integrations, or whatever it may be. he tried for this video., that's fascinating. But, I think those are the things that I think. Also, I think there is this bigger Trend thing that I think people want to do solve as, which is,, we hear a lot about computer use. I think it's very early. Honestly I use operators also but it's really super high oh this is be cool. I ran it was to do my thumbs getting there. Needs my help. Now can get it there then. After a day, I was stop using it. But I do see a world in which,, this systems,, they, they can be trained to understand our world, as we see it., how we use computers, how we navigate around the physical world, and everything. think most had to see a lot of developments that too, very early days but I think definitely some promise and how that works and oddly enough, I think it goes back to the fundamentals which is I don't in contact with those big enough to put in all of the frames or history of interactions. To reasonably predict what to do next. All, the time of interesting, I think the other interesting part on that is I want to be using my computer. would it be some VM or background process that's happening in a different sandbox, or a different almost it would be some different VM there. And then when it gets stuck and it needs my help, it comes to the Forefront of my computer, totally., I can, there's many ways we are in a This article Yesterday by Pete Kumar night thing on a AI Hostess carriages. That's in that one. No that's great. I think we are in that world now where this we all most of the AI applications are horses carriages. the guy in front of the trying to on the carriage and the AI says, the machine, the engine's machine in the back. Why is it there? It's a bit retro fit and ways that we don't expect it and It's such a reimagine,, five ten years from now where the technology is cheap enough. To be deployed, everywhere voice. Recognition. This amazing multimodal was amazing and then you go what should the UI be for computer now? I think the GUI that we have no that came from,, I remember fondly, remember Windows 2.11 days to 95 and everything today with Malibu designed for humans to operate,, Windows start buttons,, layers on navigation and all that. Very humanistic somebody to help us understand how these things work and but he doesn't need many of that,? The AI needs operated more fundamental level software and operate that. I think we're still in this horses Carriage world where we haven't really figured out what the real interaction model should be yet. For example, if we wanted to do this task of getting the machine to cut up your video for you, What if? You said you give it a task, you give it to mp4 file say, go do it. But you don't want you don't want the AI to work without telling you what it's doing showing,, kicking around the UI and trying to get it to do what it's nice. It makes what you're doing very understandable but those are not very inefficient. What really should do is, run some impact commands, do some slicing run another model but other stuff. But what if on the flight it generated? Its own UI. On the flight because,, the models can produce websites, you can write his own software, what if on the Fly produce a representation of what he's doing? To you. That is not your video editing software. That is not the raw commands as running something into me. It represents what they is working on that you can understand what's happening. How would that be interesting now?, not even the VM,? It's it's almost saying, Create your own one-off experience to explain the task of working on in a visual way that a human user. Can't tell what's going on. it's,, I'm gonna write A little mini app, electron app to show you how I'm cutting up the videos.. There's a column this way now. Oh great. I'm not gonna edit them. I want to modify my electronic on the fly to show you how I modifying the videos. seeing that goes you're not watching it. Use your Current applications. You're watching it. Do something really rich. but then showing to you, how it's doing it in a very intuitive fashion, what the problem I have with that is though,, is the because I've thought about it and I've had all kinds of conversations with people and The, there's certain applications that we use that. Are very specific and very Niche,, video editing the pros, the pro video, editors, they know what words? Describe certain actions inside of the camera and they know, all. When I'm editing, if I want different colors, if I want different Luts, all of that, even Lut for someone who doesn't really video, do a lot of video editing. They're, I want it to look better and maybe He the AI can give you something. But if you want one little thing changed and you don't know the word to describe it to prompt it, then it's really hard. But if that, all, I can go in and I can either normally what I do, as a very, very amateur video video editor. I'll go and type in YouTube. I wanted to do this and I can't see. And then I'll search around in YouTube a bit and try and figure out what I'm looking for. Potentially, there's a world where,, I don't search you, I impromptu back and forth saying no, I want something more this and I, but usually it'll be me going through different YouTube tutorials to see. This is how you do it. And There's these specific tasks that you want something. One thing changed, And I'm sure you've had it with cursor or an any experience where you want one thing changed. And that one thing, it's changed but the rest is blown up. Totally know. It's, it's funny you remind me of the conversation, I had my designer and my team. Recently we use an image and models to create, illustrations for some of the automations people may come neutral and then he writes up this really long problem that really and clearly,, he understands how to express a certain design, language way better than I do. Because when I try, it's cool. But it's, but it's but, that point,? It's that. There are few tokens that we use, and what was we chose that? Have a huge impact,, if you were set up a particular design pattern to cursive I know what you want and that design pattern for you.. And this is interesting. Interesting thing in the I do one there if, at the thoughts on my mind here, I guess, the first thought was, what is the role of people?, what do we do with AI doing all those book for us? It's turns out that I think one is that having good taste but and even if you have good taste, how do you describe your taste? it's not a describing your tastes having no tokens.. everyone now knows the studio one,? But many other ways to express stall, a form or design pattern that I think is really hard. Number two, I think is I don't wonder as as, can can the machines help us understand the Styles feel Alright, for example,, you look through all the YouTube videos and you're, I that style. why not fit it on the videos and say, I that style. Don't the style. That's my mood board. Tell me what how she described this. I think it do a pretty decent job at describing it. Now the hot part is still finger was tells you. But in that fine tune in to where you have those that last mile of oh I need this but I do that. I think I've seen a tool that where it's almost a mirror board but in stead of it being a random mural board the stuff that you put on the mural board are ways to give the prompt more in real.. And it's more enriched prompt. It's not the same the words but back to the Horseless carriages thing, are we in a world where Their problem that we are seeing is that most of the software today, has been pre-designed for us to use., whatever notes that exists in our software, some developers are sit, those notes, I'm gonna get up to you. But what it does not give to us was generated on the Fly. What if your video editing software looked at your videos? Say, oh, this is the podcast here to find Ops you want. Oh, this is a,, very a video recording of a commercial on the street. What is the fine Ops you want?. Oh, this is an interview. Someone is a fine option, one. And one of those knobs that it gives you are Dynamic based on this whole knowledge., what if you don't have to know the words, but the words come to us, all, and that's not now I'm ideating because I'm, that's a different world and where software software isn't,, one size fits all design and ship. Software, adapts to the contacts. And don't think this software yet have not. And it I don't ice, I go to bed thinking wondering what that would look cosim. I can imagine,, when we say the word personal computer, oh, I think the word personnel came from the Genesis of Computing that that's what we want to do. But this day's, the personal computer runs the same software for everyone. It's not very personal except for Hawaii having my data and, but if it's truly personal Computing and, It AI that looks at what we're doing and then makes suggestions to us., it's you wanted that particular style, you don't know what is it called. You don't even need to know about it because the AI has looked at 1000 podcasts and say, that's a stylish you consider and you're, click on it and say, and then he's, that's not the one I want inspiring me, show me five more, and then you said to learn,? The fact of the matter, I think, is that the models have seen more data that any of us His humanly possible can write, they're seen every single piece of data. Out there in the web. In the world. If ingested, it all the tokens were talking about taste tokens are all in the model. what better system to tell us Educators and we help us understand how these things then the models himself. While football I guess is I don't really know if that's gonna happen, but, exciting wolves. I love you.