And it's not it's not time it's oh this is annoying to wait for. Its the world continues to do things, independent on how fast or slow you are. if you are a slow person, Doesn't change the speed of the rest of the world,? And that's the same with the robot., I'm Nico West. CEO of rerun, and for my bulk use of coffee, it's pretty, it's Filter coffee with milk. But I'm enjoyer of many kinds of coffee. I think we should kick this off with an overview of your opinions on. Physical AI versus robotics because I have heard about Robotics and I've also heard from people who are doing robotics that the big let down is, there's not a lot of AI inside of Robotics, most robotics companies that you hear about sure., I think Physical AI as a term. I at least saw it popularized by Jensen quite recently. therefore it's always subject to a lot of the problems of high,? But I was really happy when that happened because we've been looking for a term that encompasses. a product that use AI, or, AI in the broadest stance. Maybe,, the classic. I algorithms that do intelligent stuff to really deep models. And that stuff and the Tenant applies intelligence to the physical world either to analyze it or to do something in it. I include intelligent maybe some other autonomous Robotics and that but also spatial Computing and, I don't know. We thought of something long tail. Physical and intelligence I don't know, security applications. They're a lot of different, I don't know, Sports on all the lyrics a very large amount of stuff you might want to do with intelligence software that somehow interacting with the world. I put personally or we put with all of those things into the bucket of physical AI video games too, when you grab All Those sensors and, I think, for our what we were honest doing, I think It's very relevant. Maybe. I don't put video games into physical AI, even though it's close. That you could talk about it. I think there's also the other Jason things are. generative media, you could totally put in there. There are many. Similar patterns to the software and the data and how you build these products that some aspects are,, physical generative media, particularly if they're,, video. And they're trying to be more, Realistic or on. But that's close enough that you could in some cases talk about that, too. But I think most people don't mean that say physical AI,, I think I think there's a span of people meaning the stuff that I said which is the broad sense to some people. meaning it's robotics with a cool name. I think you're both a little slap them.. it, if I'm grasping it correctly, it's AI That's out in the world in the physical space, almost in a way that we can touch it. It's tangible.. interacting with the real world, and I think not on these easy for us,, Tech people to forget, but in most of the world's GDP takes place in the physical world is historically. Software has really not participated in that other than maybe administering stuff., you have software for Maybe managing a doctor's appointment but it's not us, it's not a robot., doctor,? But you have maybe software for keeping track of the building, the schedule of construction or something, but they are sending the invoice is exactly, but you don't have Your you don't have software Tech that is doing all the construction. I think that that's what we have in front of us. That's really happening now and becoming possible and, In that sense, in the broad sense, I think physical AI is set up to transform. Large huge, huge part to the economy. I, at least believe that it has the potential and looks it's going to also Do that. And to be one of the biggest changes to the world economy is in history. now, I happen to agree with you but I also want to Raise a point which is we've been hearing that same thing from those iot folks for the past,, two decades.. And I still have not seen iot. Totally transformed the way we live,? Maybe there's cool stuff that you have with Smart Homes. If you're really into that or I noticed that certain parking garages have sensors on if there are free parking spots.. None of those. I would Buck it into life transformational, got it?, I I'm not going to defend iot height. I never understood it personally. All. But certainly with anything new that hasn't happened yet. hasn't happened yet it could not.. it comes down to belief I guess. I come down to thinking, I know the thing I may have been around with iot was, it sounded a lot of very people who, Tech, Talking about what is it?, connecting everything. It's that's not in itself solving a problem. Maybe you used to solve one but it's not describing something that you could do but I think performing work in the real world, or Or automatically understanding what's going on the real world? Those are, let's work,, that's about that. that's how you unlock value for, for real people. I think that's pretty unambiguous. in that sense, that is pretty different, but certainly it's up to if the technology works and if they can be,, brought to Market and affect the way. But I'm I think it's pretty dude. Or these categories are very different than those ways. Why. Now why do you think that we are on the precipice of Things changing. I think it's, it's mainly, I think the short it's the AI part of physical AI. And that's not said that all the great Solutions will be dependent where AI the most important thing. But the real world is super Complex. And On this and ending complexity. There's a long tail of things that can go wrong. The world will a super messy It's very hard to build super General products that serve very large markets. With. When the software is not intelligent enough in that fussy way not able to handle ambiguous. fussy situations, where things change? because with classic deck, for the physical world, the way to make effective product is to constrain the use a lot that you can make,? a person can write an algorithm that handles each situation and this would be what we see these days with the coffee making robots. I think that's the I constrain it, maybe it's a coffee, making robot, or Or something one cell and a manufacturing line. It's super repeatable. But you constrained at a really, really a lot on. If that thing is valuable enough, you can put all the effort into, making something for that. But a lot of the physical world things that are out, there are much more messy than that.,,. You need something that's more flexible and more able to handle on the utility. And that's really the that's what the technology of modern ML and AI is about enabling I think that's that's one. And what are the enables then is? If you can address a larger market, you can invest more into the hardware. The hardware is also important, that is not only I, but you need to be able to invest in in the hardware to make it good to make it. Yes high quality but also low low cost that comes from scale Hardware to scale game., and when you have scale, then you can generate you get lots of side benefits. You think of what happened and mobile phones?? The generated a huge amount of an ecosystem. That produces components,? But then, you can use to create recently, price other,, The more Niche products. the mobile phone, ecosystem drove, the ability to make drones. This is then you can make it good cheap drones because of that. Don't drop in the word, but but because of that ecosystem,. Almost you have this Innovation and there's those secondary and tertiary., I think that's that's really the big thing that It's a couple of things need to come together. First, you need the have a technology that can handle this messiness, which enables you to build Hardware products that serve much bigger markets.. That enables you to invest. Heavily into those products, which gets you the ability to get that scale and that gets you that scale fly with Will going and particular for AI and on, you need that fly wheel as for data collection. But for a really good AI, you need lots of Hardware to collect data. To improve the models. But then and I'll see you to deploy again and gonna get better data because they're not doing more advanced things,? you need that fly. Will go in and you also need to scale flywheel that. The delete is what leads to good Hardware, effective Hardware products at the good price. to get that ball rolling, you also need hype. Let's really important component that you need to build to believe in the future and invest deeply into it. And I think the chapter GPT llm side of AI, has provided that, that's started that out. And I think generally a lot of interest and then there's been some within the field of a borax. There's been some Some big breakthroughs, I guess. in methods,, scalable robotics learning methods, which really has been a dream for a while as my understanding at least, but But not the reality. with scale we're here means scale on the same way that you tend to talk about the AI,? We mean you can throw more data and more compute that and gets better., and we take that for granted now that the lens, but that was has not been the case in robotics for forever,? But couple years ago, these I was aware of the first line of papers that showed this property for this Arty. One, not two or TX line of paper. I don't know if them.., there may have been something else that really started everything off. But that's from my perspective, what I saw and that also kicked off,,, we're seeing scalable methods here too now. that from my perspective, what, the combination of having seen that with alums and then seeing that now all in robotics Methodist is what Started to really, really get the ball rolling and now the hype is very, very real in in this space and she's huge huge amount of last month and I think that is for particular, one Hardware is in this necessary. that Mega long-winded. Answer, I think to that question, but, but I think that those are the reasons for why now. Can you break down the life cycle of how physical AI is trained? what models are we using? What are the ways that we're collecting data? Is it all through cameras, is it through other sensors, and, How the platforms? Look, what do you need to enable if you want to? be putting these models out into the world because I think It has. a lot of extra complexities since you are deploying to the edge in a way, but I don't know how much of Edge. Deployments can you then all offload certain tasks to the cloud? what is that whole thing look I feel I am not clear and it's of course case dependent.. Maybe we can take one specific case and talk through that. Sure. oh, it's super case but they're complex and you can I guess I'm not done any to those. if you can imagine some set up someone's doing that., but maybe super high level. I to think of the two major systems. That didn't think about this,, the online systems and offline systems,, with online systems., The things that are running. Us. Let's I'm going to say robot now but it could be some non robot thing. But the thing that's running when the robot is doing stuff in the world is running on the robot, it doesn't matter. Could be running some of the maybe hit an API that runs a model and back. that I include that mentally think what's running on the robot that's understanding the world planning, making decisions, picking stuff up,, acting or whatever. that's the online systems. and and then you have your offline systems where you're,, you're using maybe running stuff from,, your laptop or workbench or or, on some Some data center somewhere. And those that's gonna be about observability wait, what's happening now? With my Fleet over Bots, maybe it's gonna be worried, maybe prototype, new algorithms, and new ideas we run. analytics to understand performance or begin to things they're trying to understand your data that you're collecting and where you Curate and collect and curate and transform data through data data pipelines. Into Data, is ready for training and then training and and deploy and all those those things. I put down in the bucket of offline systems and how many sorry in this fictional scenario, how many models Typically would be running on device or online., that's a hard question to answer but I think it can be think about if you take a little bit, the historical perspective, if we don't start thinking about running on the wise, we're talking about the online systems, classically everything that was running online was again no machine learning or maybe some, maybe learn some classifier that's something or whatnot. But it's mostly hand written stuff acting with 3D planning algorithms. And it's all C plus plus, algorithms, written by, robotics engineer or something, optimizing the state of,, doing slam, where is the robot? All that stuff. And that's how things were done before and then,, deep learning happened and might start switching out. Small modules oh we are computer vision, works a little bit. Maybe we detect objects but then let's running at some frequency, run one,, object detector,? And everything else is 100. Then still a little bit detector runs on whatever every fifth frame or every this,, camera frame,? And we're detecting things, but then the rest of all the pipelines are treating that Nothing special about that. It's something algorithms to fuse that over time and reason about what to do and on. that's maybe the next step that I put that into the Let's see. When was Alex next to 2012, doesn't was it 14? I can't remember, but that., 12., maybe in the 2018, stars know, I said it was a ton of confidence. I'm gonna factor that now. I was, no, no, it's, it's definitely 12., no. I feel the feels to me but it's not range. and and then then, it started that works and he had some more models into there and and you start but it's still modular you have a model one model, we have many models, maybe they do single things, maybe you have another model that's look at some other input signals or images and they output An estimate of the motion, something that. you have these small modules, it's more it's a library but then you can Think of it as it's a function that does stuff. that's, that's been between a trend of more and more of those things,? And that is a lot of problems because in fact you can't treat them as black boxes because there's a lot of uncertainty and ml models don't, they even really high performing ones, the only work and They're short of on the rough., operating on roughly the same, data they were trained on. And, the only way to and that's hard,? That's a hard problem, how do when you're outside of that data and on? And then you get a lot of these stitch them together with 100 and algorithms and it gets a mess and it's pretty hard to build complicated systems. I think. This is how people try to build self-driving cars. With this this approach., I didn't really work,?, they get the trend from there is to be in the idea of the learning is,, do things on end and that's been happening, more and more. over time, you take., now we have four more duels, can we swap them all out and have a beat one or not? That does more things into end. that's I think generally the trend that can go quite extreme I think in some of them very intense Focus humanoid project you could have two neural Nets or maybe one they called one but it's really to Their, you might have one. Lower level one, that's faster and smaller that focused on Fast low level whole body control. it's really taking IMU signals and maybe pressure and some other sensors that. And it has some Target of the post or where should be how the body post should be and it's doing that control that you might previously have done with with more classic optimization based methods. And then you have some larger neural net. That's Maybe no skills that, a higher level, go reach for this thing or on and that thing can be slower. that's something, maybe even have a third level of takes,, text input and plans, and stuff that, that's if you, very, very AI first. But, they could swap out pieces a lot with with 100 and systems and, and on, but, it's I haven't haven't seen a lot of single neural Nets. Things that does everything I think that marketed but I don't know if that happens in practice. you bring up a great point, is that In these systems, especially the online ones. You are constrained by different. Things because you're out in the world and whether that's you have to be hyper focused on battery or you have to be focusing on speed. Nobody wants to have a robot that you tell to do something. And then 20 minutes later it comes back and is, I can't do that. I went through and I landed out and, no I researched the topic and I can't get to it. Alright. what are some other constraints or things that you need to be cognizant of when you're doing stuff in that Realm? I think the most important, Difference. That is the most., the most important this time. And it's not it's not time is oh this is annoying to wait for. it's the world continues to do things in the whole faster slow. You are if you're a slow person, It doesn't change the speed of the rest of the world,? And that's the same with the robot of it. doing something and it's, oh let me grab this thing and then that thing is moved and it didn't matter if you collected it it was gonna it was gonna do it,? That's not there anymore there. And on. And that's very different from even your chat GPT style interaction,? You would love it to be fast because that feels better, but it still is, single stream of,, take the inputs and then,, process them all,, give you some output,? There's not really a concept of a world evolving around that. time is because, that changes everything really. You need to be most much more sophisticated about how you think about that in everything. How you understand? what your software did,? You need to keep track of of how everything evolves over time. And you may be a multiple Notions of time the Compute time, the real world time that the clock, whatever is happening in the real world. Then maybe have an algorithm that takes a certain amount of Debut time and you are, how many certain amount of iterations? Maybe one of keep track of oh what time was this sample? That and then, when am I making this decision? But decision is a little bit later in time that you made it because you have to compute stuff. But it's relating to all the information. it dealing with time is the really, really big thing, but to get into sounds really messy on the back end too. When you're trying to Create systems and you need to look at all the different ways of time being interpreted.. It gets messy, you need to build., increases the complexity of the data tools that you need,? It's pretty different than. All, train one image classifier, you can stick, shockingly simple,. A problem in comparison. And this is a robotics models, over other things, they're operating on sequences of times even though that is more complex, but then they have some internal notion of steps or something. And then that in the real world is Oh, and overlaid on the real time of the real system. They're operating with. that is time is the really, really big thing I'd say,. And then there's obviously, whatever restore constraints and battery and things that are really difficult, but A similar to other things you have constraints and maybe there are more difficult than the,, on the edge. But it's let's say my dear,, talk to me about the data side of this because that feels again it would be very hard to deal with all of the all of this different data that you're getting in different formats. and specifically all of the video data has got to be very heavy and then how you're training models with the video data, you might have some time sensors or time data and more tabular style. Exactly. I think. how this idea about the online and offline systems and On the robot on the online systems. What you'll do is you're trying to record what happened?, and, the real world we had this,, things happen at different rates. Maybe you have,, image your video cycling, every a 30 FPS, but maybe you have motion sensors, they're going at a 1,000 Hertz., very different rates. Sometimes these things are, District,, a robot can be a distributed system.,, different clocks and stuff. All the states are changing up different rates. And you're also recording what happens. you can't, you don't really know the exact shape of the data set beforehand, because you're recording what happened,? this these things the data that you recording there is super messy, it's the logs,? But slugs of multimodal data streams. lots of different types. It could be 3D information, this different stock, this data softener than deeply nested. Structures and on. And you have Maybe audio and video and 3D sensors motion of different kinds and turn all metrics. really, really messy and really complex and difficult to handle from a data perspective effectively because you have this problem of combining really fast small signals With large heavy, big tensor, some images, some point clouds and stuff that, that may be our slower and storing that together is pretty hard. classic Revolt say you or in general you'll you'll have on the system. You'll tend to have store data to this. very specialized file formats or very write optimized are interested. They're good at recording exactly what happened and to do minimal operations get them onto this really fast that's the without disrupting. Anything that's running on board. And then that's the step one. Then you want to get the data off the robot. They upload it and that's a,, depending on the volumes maybe upload all the way. you have some selective only upload one. something happened, or that thing, but Somehow, you got to get it to the more centralized place where you can, you can use it and that's where you're throwing it into an S3 bucket or is it still? I would say to make it super simple,? They're absolute most simple thing would be, you periodically write this logs to file. And then you have a little job that uploads them to S3 to the S3 bucket, and then you have them there. that's that would be started. One part one. Wait. that's simple. What is advanced?. Advanced of getting it off, it's,, we're gonna be run collecting much data that it doesn't even make sense to upload. if you think about a self-driving car, You, they will collect the data when they dock back somewhere. And then you'll swap out the this the SSD. I put in some new ssds And you may never upload it. Or if you do you need to send trucks of us SSD to a WS where you have your own local it there you could make choices? You Only uploaded when it's needed. You have some storage architecture where you keep everything on a,, local data center that you have, that where the data is collected and you have it there until You upload the metadata and you go fetch it. When I see you can get really really complex at large scale. But let's keep it simple. You write these files and upload them. Let's let's assume that's possible. And, Even you even before that you have another problem. you want to build a look at the current state of the robot. you want to visualization this super, super important, to want to see what all the If you want to be working on a robot, then you want to be able to live. Visualized all these streams of data, you want to see a 3D if it's work?? If it has a 3D understanding of the world, you want to see that 3D map and you want to see the robot,, walking around and in that map and see what it sees and see the internal state of the different algorithms and What are all the camera feeds and you want to build to scroll back and forth on time to what something goes wrong when a scroll back, wait what happened,?, that's that's something that you you need, when you build these systems live visualization. And then you want to look at those files that you recorded. After the fact,? And analyze those and let's a per session observability. it's a super super core Prospect., the that's important. and in even before going to offline systems this, set of recording what happened to some write optimized file and then having some visualize visualizer to either, look at the files or look at., live. you cannot build this product without that, those things and even in classic robotics, that's how you would, you need those things. And in classic robotics, there's a Ross, the Robot Operating System, be the most commonly used setup that gives you this, There's a recording and some visualization capabilities and there are slightly more modern visualizers that are built for lot. That's scenario. But they're really and they're great. They work for that. And that's Orvis web this exvius foxglove, they're bunch of tools. And that thing, they're,, robotics log visualizers really important., and that was, designed for this world of pre ml world where Where the that was the main complexity of your product what run,, on the robot,?, but you need that, but then,, what happens when you think about what What happens in the off, what you now, want to train improve your models,? you've uploaded this data. and the current state of the world at least, is That you need to make that data usable by. the systems that you, you have. To do I'm Ops? I'm all, data Pipeline and on early before training you won't have it in our tfrecords or whatever it's five files that are optimized ready to train. And those all those things tend to be, very structured. and do not know they're not good at storing, this messy, long style data, On top of that.. and you want to also run analytics, run some statistical job compute metrics all that stuff. this is really all the offline data tooling that's out there if it's databricks or data dog or A whatever things they don't. These tools do not understand this physical AI robotics style data. They do not know the storage systems. Do not know how to read into these log structured, messy file formats. They want everything to be a table,, with columns and on. But that's,, they don't know how to handle underlying huge online data. And they can't there's no built-in visualization which is my crucial for the bugging,? then you end up building teams and the building. This very complex data pipelines to try and transform and clean the data and they to sit curation And because those offline systems, don't understand really this Source structure of the data this things get super complex sounds miserable. that's super miserable. And then it's super complex and really brittle and then you don't have the ability because you don't have any built in which PlayStation you don't really have the ability to debug if, your last before training, you suddenly all the latest showing up upside down,, where did that happen? hey, you don't even build him his legislation. maybe I've talked to, self-driving company to who started using rerun and found bugs,, oh, we were training on something and,, the Sum the orientation or something was flipped for two years during training was giving bad performance and, because of them, they know one saw it, but he didn't have a good, it was too hard to the bug, the data pipe, the state,, of after each step in the data pipeline, it was too hard to do., that stuff., that's. It's really complicated. you end up this robotics companies, not a tough spot there. End up with two stacks Classically. You have your, Online data systems stuff. There was billed for classical robotics, but that's understand their data. And you have your offline systems that are built for Lord scale learning and stuff that. But they don't understand this clearly. They thought they don't talk to each other and, it's it's a mess. That's the Base date of the world. You created some visualizations,? And you decided to or tools to help with the visualization. And that the physical AI can understand the world and you can see where and how they're understanding the world and you decided to open source it, can we talk a bit about everything that you've been open sourcing until now and the Inspiration behind that? Sure. They're to frame it. First, that look. what we run as a company is doing We're trying to. To solve the problem. I talked about. we want to build a new unified data stock that handles both this online and offline scenarios for physical AI that you get a consistent easy to use experience with gonna build in for Association and, much more efficient and easy to use querying and things that. Because Best the data stack understands both of these kinds of types of data., we started out Two. Now what is three years ago? Roughly On some of first two and a half years, I'd say on an open source project. let's call, rerun I the company and that project is focused on logging and this little icing multimodal data changes over time the broader applications and but the broader than than robotics. we start out focused on more computer vision outside of Robotics and I expanded into be much broader. And that that is a project that has you have sdks in Python rust and C plus That allows you to think of it. it's your log text or something a metric, something that, but you can log.. anything, tensor or 3D Point Cloud build up before 3DC nothing's happening or, normal metrics and video and have everything connected cameras moving around and you hover an image and it will highlight what that Ray shoots out and 3D, those kinds of things and allows to Scroll back and forth in time, I gotta say this is some Star Wars shit here. This is what, when they plug into the droids and stuff. This is what I had in their singing, on their little computer. I hope., I hope I hope. I it's pretty cool., if I can,, say myself. It's pretty cool application. Or framework. that's that., we've been building that absorb project and it's pretty extreme thing. we is said. None of the old things work. We rebuilt this whole stack this data logging and specialization stack from scratch in Rust where I took a lot of inspiration from how modern gaming engines are. the data model is built around entity component system race, it's particularly more composable data model. And we had this goal that we wanted to unify. If we talked about this online and offline system going to the unified open source project to unified, the visualization side of that. Should be able to use the same. visualization framework for your dirty little python script where you where you might use Maple or something you want to, I have a little algorithm and I want to Pop in some data throw it in and it should show it and and they've been analyzed it to go back and forth in time and that thing. To your Center lies,, visualization dashboard. I don't know if you've seen this, maybe marketing video from waymo or something, where they show all the light or some map, things updating on a map and all that stuff. to,, use rerun to build those centralized things and all.,, recently,, last release allowed to build they've done notation apps,,, you can have interactivity click on things, It'll respond. Back with the data that you clicked on, you can build data annotators with it, and that's good for these anomalies that sometimes you'll hit or the edge cases. You need to, we work on., you tend to annotate data labeled data. There are many different that could be whatever,? You always need to be doing that., that's true. There's a lot of that there could be. Oh, there's something weird happened but it could also be., I'm gonna, this is how we annotate data,. and it's. It's wherever you want to look at your data, which you should want to do a lot. You want to have a consistent view. We want that to be you ideally that they look the same wherever it is. If it's in production or a little script or or people use it to visualize, maybe the There are evaluation runs during training,, training pipelines. There's a lot of different things we wanted it. We knew that it was The goal was to unify all of that, be able to do it in the same framework and that require extreme flexibility and performance and on. that that's been the goal there, that's a never-ending job but I think we've come quite far pretty good adoption and I think both special Computing and Robotics and, From,, two persons startups. And I think now, Meta and apple and unitary and hugging face, and then forgetting companies. But they used rerun in open source projects at least.. They are. it's it's used,, from smallest to the largest and that's that's been really cool to see. And I think it's about, we really focused on extremely serious and flexibility when you want to do, whatever you as a search engine, you need to do And the performance. that's that's been that, that project and That's open source. It's always going to be open source., and it's almost you win with the visualization aspect of the open source side rerun and then when you thought about building an actual product, how did you think? All, we're going to complete the cycle and incorporate rerun into a greater platform. We think that the needed to reinvent the whole Data stock,? And the open source project for us to do a couple things. one of them is To really develop a really good data model because you need a data model that's expressive. But also fit for purpose enough. that's easy enough to use, but also and composable flexible and extendable and all that stuff. And it's really difficult, I needed to have something that, that can also be performant together with the query engine., those Those two parts are we've been forced to build., query and to build a visualizer this that fast and flexible and allows you to scroll back in time and talked about this, unsynchronized streams of that you need to have a build a small. Query engine or a small in memory database to make that that work., we had to develop that as. those, the core pieces, that the query engines is really focus on time alignment and those kinds of robotics I was gonna say that's probably one of the biggest Boons that you can give someone is making sure that all these disparate sorts of data can line up., some event that I want to look into Isaiah, what happened there with everything? How do I get a 360 view of what's going on there? As opposed to,, I see that something happened with this sensor did anything happen with the other sensor and now I got to go sift through the data and try and figure out where in time that is with that certain data source.. No. It's it's both hard and really important. And that's that we forced to work on these technical challenges for the open source. and, for commercial, For product that we're working on now. It's it's think about us a database that has To have this location build in. it's it's a Storage and indexing engine. It's a queer. That, this this thing is Built to for the constraints that we have here. they have Source data and varied forums of the optimized, we're both dick style file formats that you need to. You need to have a plug-in system you can support many different She's able to handle these. Recording unstructured style data set say 100,000 recordings of what happened on robot and you need to understand normal popular data. you need to understand both of them. a storage and index engine that can make working without fast and unified. I guess a data model that this, this, Gives a way to consistently for interface with the state. You want to, you want to maintain? you want to have you want a bit of visualize any data that you have stored. but you want to have a query and an operate on top of it. you need this consistent data model to do that. Then., the next step of that is the The query engine and there are what you really want is to be able to how this Korean understand this data on the physical AI. I did the model that can mean is is one simple thing is, maybe have a data pipeline, you have your raw data and then you run some Transformations on it and produce some nice more structured, easy to work with table. you'd to not lose all the semantic information, what does The first column mean. This is a column of 3D Point clouds. Do you want to know that a column of,, 3D positions that are part of a point Cloud to change your time that, maybe one column another might be a video. Another might be,, Some sensor reading or something you want to keep track of what everything means. And if you do then you can visualize something and debugger a table. That's five steps into your data pipeline. that's one of the things you want to have your query engine, maintain that data model and the others you want to be able to do Robotics oriented operations in the Korean zone. imagine, writing a SQL expression. And one of the parts of it is, oh, doing time alignment. And you might want to do things do 3D transforms in the SQL expression because you want to have all your data come out. In a different in the reference frame of your robots, gripper something that. this maybe abstract if you haven't worked with this they thought about the ability to push this. These kinds of operations into Korean can make Make it working with it. a really Lots lot easier. And that's one on the next part and then about data catalog that can understand this data. it's really it's the full data stock that that's what our commercial product is that we're building towards. you talked about these janky pipelines before, does this eliminate, the need to Create pipelines. Or are you still seeing folks create pipelines? with a much more high quality data. I think I think also first off, this is still in development. We have a couple,, paying design Partners working working with what we have now but it's still pretty early. this is the first to preface it gamer.., it's not I'm gonna say that we have something that we don't yet., but I think our goal is for you not to have to have any steps in your pipeline. Wow. That I think that in all cases that's another TV., but but you should be able to record and then build up a series of queries train off a lot directly. that. I want. I want that to be possible,? That's not gonna be most efficient or the best way to do things because you'll want to, but that's not you want to save the intermediate result and you want to build inspect them and to quality control and not redo all the computation, during training that doesn't really make sense. Efficiency, why?, structure wise to do that but I I want to, I want it to be possible. that when you want to iterate really fast, you have very, very few, materialized, intermediate steps. and then, as what you want to do, you cannot say these, Parts of the pipeline should be stored as you can flexibly choose that. in reality, I think any company is gonna have multiple steps in their pipelines but hopefully there are a lot easier to manage a lot more efficient to run and build and and a lot less complex than they have to be now. that's the goal. Is there anything you want to talk about that? We haven't hit on.. There are things that if you think about the rerun. the thing that's the mostly widely deported is our open source project and there's there are Massive,, Max 7 style, companies that have switched over that at this point, all the computer. And for instance, they do use this round to they used to the bucket. and that goes from the, Little systems that the researchers do to have the dog their data, to really all the way through. it's very wide. Permanent that and it's give us specific example there. But that reduces friction at every point,?, and I'm increases. Productivity.,, how do you even, put the value in looking at their data? It's the third of the core. Core thing that oils the wheels for for everything you do. that on a broader sense, it's that but, maybe the specifically there are things that,, very funded, self-driving companies, finding long,, multi-year bugs in their data pipelines that were leading to bad, model performance, But after adopting using rerun to the bug, their data pipelines, that's that's another example, of that nature matter. How are they using it with the Raven Glasses? what's public from from Methodist? Aria glasses. That's the new one. They're coming out. No, this is the research classes., this is the pure data captured devices that are open research. and,, they're our glasses with a lot of sensors on them. we are there we run. This is the official visualizer for the data sets to come from there. there's the ego 4D data sets, for instance, they record. What's the date? And the whole, and things that? It's also built into the Oreo, Dove toolkit. That's the main visualizer there. That project gets used for special computer things and now,, quite more commonly used in robotics too, collect noble textile, Data. But, collected by a human and tried to retarget that to robotics applications. that's there, it's that. what, I would love to ask you about, is you mentioned you mentioned before there's different schools of thought or ways that folks are trying to implement successful robotics or physical. AI one is as many sensors as possible. The other is the least amount of sensors as possible. Are there other vectors that folks play on that you've seen? Interesting or surprising for you. Interesting or surprising. I don't I think the The major. Lectures. I think about our differently How deterministic is something how or you was saying oh we learned train the model and that performs seems to perform versus no, I need to have mathematical guarantees about some behaviors. That'll be one another one on this modularity. the extreme being, Oh, we have one neural net that does everything. We don't have any code. It's a neural. It's a neural net, I don't. But that's extreme that you think about another being, no, it's very important to have modules and test all the modules separately and and for this, the extent that, which you go after and value modularity, versus performance is, I think another really, really big one. And then in general,, some some teams don't even believe in training at all. They think, or they shouldn't, you shouldn't use much machine, learning at all. That certainly a bunch of folks that. They're,, it's an unreliable doesn't work. You your perception should. Maybe use it for detection and things that but nothing.. I don't know more complex you use slam to build, 3D maps of the world. And you write classic planners that decide how to move and they feel all these technology are proven and you should use that. And for short notification, that's totally the way to go but and some people are more purist about it. But but that stuff is certainly still around and Probably. The the proton a lot more structured environments. You can make that work really. a warehouse or something. exactly. if what environment you're playing in then there's probably a lot stronger case to Make it. The least. Sarcastic, or what's the worst stochastic as possible? It's nice to know what's going on,? And we can make things faster and cheaper and on. it's there's a lot of benefits of course. It comes with a lot of taking training, seriously comes with a lot of costs. It's really intrigues increases the complexity of your offline systems and the more end and you go the more come there's this you can have simplify your online systems but going fully into end but then you get really complex offline systems instead it., there's it's engineering,? This trade-offs. It's not, it's not magic. Those are fascinating tradeoffs. That's really cool thing about