How's it going? I'm good, man. How you doing? I'm doing, I'm doing, I'm excited to be here. First of all, thanks for coming on here. Thanks for doing this. I'm super excited to chat with you about cursor. It's pretty much every single developer that I know is either a die-hard user of cursor or they are playing around with it and getting a ton of value from it. You've been leading the whole Solutions team you talk with forward deployed Engineers every day that's your job and I want to go over all of the cool stuff that you've been seeing out there in the wild., I would love that. That's awesome. It's been a, it's been a wild year. Definitely cursor has been have quite the year, quite the year of growth and we've been talking to 100 if not thousands of Enterprise companies in this point, that's huge man. And congrats on the huge announcement last week. I think everybody saw the number in the race and had to do a double take. that is very cool. Very exciting. I know you've done a bunch of stuff you were at versaille. You were doing., you've been Doing this thing for ages. I know you're excited about what's going on in cursor and maybe we can go into this real fast with,, what patterns are you seeing the most successful folks doing when you're forward deployed Engineers, who are on the front lines are coming back and saying dude you'll never believe how these guys are using cursor.,. it's definitely, Engineers everywhere are learning how to build with AI. They have been for the past few years but it's really accelerating this past year. I think, first and foremost it is good to recognize that working with AI is is a new skill. It is still, that is adjacent to engineering. It's not exactly engineering and,, great Engineers, learn the ways to think first and that's more important than,, memorizing syntax. It's very, very similar in the AI space is, there's a new way to think alongside these LMS, whether you're working with AI in the foreground and working as a pair programmer, with AI or spinning up these agents in the background and spinning up these tasks the best people that we work with on a day-to-day basis, are the ones that are really, really good at breaking down, large problems into bite-sized tasks that the AI is far more, likely to be able to To accomplish rather than,, either going way too small or way too large and running into these areas where AI hallucinates. I think that's probably the first and foremost skill, we see that separates the,, power users from the people that,, in the early days, struggle is, can you understand the size of problem, to hand off to Ai and it's really all about, how do you manage context and how do you build your prompts?, the context is huge. I if you stick around you'll see I made a video about context while I am here in Amsterdam enjoying myself. But is there a rubric that you have looked through on how to separate, what is too big and what is too small? Or is it trial and error throwing things at the wall? It's a little of both,,, as these models get smarter,, this has been obviously again a huge year for AI. We've got seen tons of model releases throughout the year., if we take anthropic as an example Claude 35 turned into 3/7 turned into four turn into four or five. There's also sonnet there's Opus as these models get better and they get smarter, it changes what they're able to accomplish. And, there's there's also no substitute for getting to know these models. These models have different levels of intelligence. They also tend to have,, you talk to engineering that work with these models, on a day-to-day basis, they have personality and what they're at and what they're bad at. I wish there was some easy answer of a framework of how big a problem should be that the AI can accomplish it but a lot of it is getting to know how good the AI is at the given task that you're working on and really learning what size tasks can,, a model GP t51 codecs that released recently solve that maybe gpt-4 or even gp5 couldn't solve,, two months ago., a lot of this is getting familiarity with the tools you're building with. And then you build this internal barometer of,, what can this model accomplish and what can't did, where does it often go wrong or or hallucinate? It. All, Randy, I gotta take off my glasses because I need to see you for this one. I need you to see me for this one. What are some anti-patterns? What are some ways that we shouldn't be using cursor?, it's it's a really great question., I think one of the things that we've seen that people struggle with is either, they get extremely reliant on the AI. And they forget that a huge part of building AI is not replacing your brain to strategize, and to understand your code base. And to,, build the, make the architectural decisions. As you're building out with AI, it's certainly extremely powerful. It's really helpful. You can ask a bunch of questions of your code base, you can use it to ramp up on code bases, very quickly, but I think a lot of there's potentially can skip that. That first stage of, do, your code base? Extremely,? There's multiple ways. You can use cursor, one of them is ask mode. It means it's not going to write any code. It's gonna answer questions about how your code base works. And,, one of the downsides of AI is it can make you lazy. And as you get a little bit lazier You start giving vager and vager prompts you start,, pushing off a lot of the Strategic decisions to AI as., there's a world where we might get to a place where models are good enough, where that's. But for now, it's it, lulls you into a false sense of security. You have to stay in the driver's seat. You have to make the decisions, architecturally, you have to drive the agent in the direction. I think that's the biggest anti pattern. We see,, across the board. That's true. You get into this false sense of comfort and you keep off-loading offloading offloading. And then it'll, it'll bite you when you're not expecting it. Exactly. since you said, how are we doing? you gave us a that anti pattern and you mentioned searching or getting up to date on a code base. Really quickly, I'm wondering about Greenfield versus Brownfield and what you're seeing when you're going from 0 to 1 versus what you're seeing when you're dealing with a code base, that's 15 years old, maybe you're still, you got some stuff that's deprecated in that code base to the outside world. But internally, it's not, how do you deal with cursor in those instances?, obviously AI is super exciting in the Greenfield space, it's fun to make a prompt and see,, something it created before your eyes. But I think this is also one of the biggest advancements over the last year with cursor, with other tools. But cursor, is phenomenally good at this. Is how do you take the context of your code base and use that to your advantage? This is also,, there's there's discussions debates in the AI space of what is the best way to use a code base correctly, some tools, they only grip through the through the the code base. As you're writing prompts cursor, has found phenomenal success indexing. Your entire code base before you start asking any questions. it indexes your code base, it creates essentially a semantic search. if I say, hey, I want to add authentication to this page, it can look throughout,, a massive code base, 500,000 files,, millions and millions of lines and determine what area of the code base are most Into that prompt and pull that in. one, the tools have got a lot better at Brownfield because they can pull a lot of the surrounding context and have patterns to match off of rather than purely building whatever they decide to build. And I think this is an area where both the engineer has to be familiar with the space that they're building in but also the tools can pull context from different,, codes different files throughout the code base to have patterns to build on top of. I think it's a little bit of a of a myth now, that AI is far better at Greenfield than it is at Brownfield. That was true, maybe last year when there wasn't a good ways to semantically search to quickly grip through your code base. But now with cursor, we have semantic search. We also have lightning fast parallel grip. As you ask these questions, the most important part is, if you can give AI examples to follow,?, I have, I'm trying to build out a new API or new infrastructure or a new,, whatever it is. I try to fix this bug or refactor this area map, it to other areas that,, are built. And do you do that? give pointers, maybe check this file, or I've seen this done, with this API or I want to create an API this., definitely. specifically in cursory you can act different files and say, hey,, I really love how this API framework is set up. I want to,, add a new new endpoint to this API, have it mapped the, the architectural choices that have been made before,? You can add a lot of these different things. This is also,, very important when you're building front end,, changing front end pieces is, you can tell the AI. Hey, we have a very specific design system. Please make sure you're using the components, the colors. The design framework that we've used to build the rest of this application. A lot of building correctly with AI is making sure that you're minimizing the amount of arbitrary decisions that the llm can make it,, if the arbitrary decision is, 80% of the time, but it has to make 100 arbitrary decisions. You're going to build something that is not quite correct if you can. Minimize those arbitrary decisions. And with Brownfield that is easier to minimize those arbitrary decisions because you have a code base to map onto.. Of course, you can say, oh, this is an obvious example. And I how you said that with the examples, How have you seen the best folks? Maintain their context windows?, I think there's there's a lot of,, there's a lot of best practices. There's also a lot of false myths about context, I think,, as we go throughout this year, people are learning more and more, but I think there's a regionally this myth that the more context, you give it the better. It's gonna be and it's add as much context as you possibly can. You're gonna get a better and better answer. There's a lot of research and a lot of studies that show that even these these models that have a million token context Windows as they get to about 50% full and they get into 60 70. 80% full you're sending 800,000 tokens to let's say gemini or sonic 4/5. There's a steep drop off in how how how often these models hallucinate. one is when you're scoping these tasks, make sure the only thing that is going into that context window is relevant to the task, one of the most common piece of advice, we give with cursor. Is when you start a new task, start a new chat window. There are a lot of Engineers that might think. Hey, I worked on something adjacent to this problem for a while. In a chat window and a chat window is essentially a boundary for context. I want to start a new task and maybe this context is going to be helpful. And you you end up staying in the same chat. You have this bloated context window and it's really a recipe for the AI to again get confused, make an arbitrary decision based off of something you were doing before there's no longer relevant. the more pristine you can keep your contacts the less the better it is as much context as needed without any Superfluous context involved and that that is also a skill, you have to learn but throwing the kitchen sink at a problem. Gets you worse and worse results. enough context as needed. I that. The other thing that I about what you're saying is Let's not fool ourselves into thinking because there was a similar problem that we had, we can go down that path and continue with that context window, or that chat, I wonder all. have you thought about or have you seen folks that will try to turn off pieces of the context when needed? Or is it that is too much time? start a new one. I think starting,, there's also ways you can summarize context, there's also ways that you can,, create you, Infuse context into a new chat window by making markdown files. What one really common way? Which is now built into the flow of cursor is called plan mode. You're building out a plan for maybe a bigger project or a bigger task and it will essentially build a markdown file of. This is all the things that we need to do and then you can use that artifact in a new chat as the starting point of this. These are all the tasks. All the decisions we made plan mode, will also ask you the engineer. Hey, do you want to do X or Y? Do you want?, it'll send you these multiple choice questions of different decision trees that you could go down.. And then you can use that as you're starting point. I think one really common easy to conceptualize way that context can cannot be your friend if it's also very common. Let's say, you build out,, either you're refactoring, something, or building new feature, whatever it is, and you run into a book and AI debugging is one of the most frustrating. In parts of learning how to build with AI because it can Rabbit Hole down the same problem., I think that we see is if you try to solve the bug in the same context window that you created the feature, It has all this context built up, that it was that, whatever it did was the thing to do. it can make it harder for it, to figure out what the bug is because it is way down by all these other decisions, that created the bug in the first place, Dude your preaching to the choir there. I feel I have had that everybody in here who has played around and Vibe coded for a minute, has felt that. Now, there is something it's a little bit. More of a nuanced piece. But I was talking to a friend and they were,, last time I was using cursor, there was a moment where I wanted to do something and I knew how I would implement it and I have my experience, but What cursor suggested was different. And I'm at this Crossroads, do I go towards what cursor suggested or do I go my way of doing it and why and what is going to be better? How Would you recommend that we solve that thing? Because it's I know that my way might work but I also know that I don't know things the no unknowns and then the unknown unknowns,? And now I'm looking at what cursive suggesting and I'm thinking is that going to cause problems in the future? Because I totally don't understand what is happening here or is this the better way of doing it?. And I think this is the biggest difference between,, Vibe coating on the weekend and building something fun and then building sustainable software in the Enterprise, I would definitely say it's not really an either or but I would not build anything for an Enterprise solution that has to go out to maybe millions of billions of users that I don't understand.. A huge part of this has to be, I need to understand the solution that I'm putting out and even if the AI wrote it, the engineers responsible for the pr that they ship to production,, we also see it, a lot of a lot of companies,, a bug will surface in production and someone's, oh, what happened here? And, it's a very obvious feeling but I don't know the AI wrote it and Cloud today., we have the half the internet down now. I swear man, these AI did that but sorry I didn't mean to cut you off,. Don't worry., the best culture. I've seen built around AI is that you can't blame the AI. If a bug comes out, you have to be responsible, understanding what the code was and what was written. But that doesn't mean that you always have to choose your solution. It means if there's a solution path that looks promising, but you don't fully understand why it chose that., one of the beauties of AI is you can say, hey, I would have done it this way. What are the pros and cons of my way versus your way,? You use AI to make yourself more informed about the choices that are happening,, it is really enticing to,, get into that flow of moving fast and building constantly and shipping code and riding lines of code, but you you have to especially in the Enterprise world. slow yourself down at Key decision points, inform yourself, learn dive in, ask questions, understand and then make the best decision path forward because it's if you Branch off into completely different areas, If you've chose the one that you understand less, it's gonna make the next 20 steps harder. Totally. That's true. maybe you have a special way of dealing with this next problem that I've encountered where I have my rules. But some rules,, it's playing the guitar and you have your scales, but scales are a recommendation sometimes, or scales can really make the sound. Not sound good. I have, hard rules that. I want the agent to follow, and I have recommendations. And how do I distinguish between those and make it that this rule,, if for example, it's don't output a function longer than 21 lines of code and that's a recommendation if it really needs to be, it can be 23, but keep it at 21 ish. I can't say that in the rules, 21 ish., it's a great question., I think this is one of the probably biggest learning curves of working with AI is fundamentally, you're working with a non-deterministic system. And even if you write a rule,, this is,, a huge frustration for a lot of Engineers working across any AI tool. You could write a rule that is, this is the most important rule never,, start a new server. A new Dev server,? I think that's the most common. When I see for front end developers is never mpm, run down because I already have the host running and I know where this do it,, one out of 10 times., this is a thing that a lot of AI researchers are currently working on is, how do you build a model that is thoughtful and creative but also closely follows instructions and is easily steerable and gullible. The answer is it's not a solved problem. Yet, there's no way to know deterministically. A lot of tools cursor has built this. There's this idea of Books in cursor where you can put deterministic hooks into the agent flow., that at given moments either before your prompt sends,, after your prompt gets back before the codes. Generated after the codes generated, you can do deterministic things. This is not as creative as AI, but if you have to,, let's say always check after code is written for certain things., some some companies they'll check for copy left data in the code that is outputted. That is something you want to do in a terministic hook rather than a rule. But if you have a strong rule, versus a soft rule, Really the best way to do it today is you it's you're dealing with a a junior engineer,? You can say, in plain English this is a rule to always follow most highest priority and it will follow it generally more than say, hey I want it to stay generally under 21 lines of code. If it goes over, it's not a big deal. But please, whenever you can try to prioritize under 21 lines of code output, it that will work it will it will Loosely follow one and try to strongly follow the other but again, models have different personalities. Some are hard to steer, some are easier to steer your mileage may vary. I often think about it as, wow, wouldn't it be nice if we had,, a volume knob that we could crank up or crank down? Because exactly what you're saying, is fuzzy in the language piece, where it's,, this one hard rule, this never break, this Rule, and then on the other side, as a rule, and you have to put that in your language and it can be interpreted in different ways every time,, every single turn,? 100. It's, wow, sometimes I Ponder in the shower couldn't we have some knobs that will give me more steer ability or more control in that regard. But also I understand that that defeats the purpose of. This is cool. We get to talk to it and then it does it. And if you now are breaking out knobs for this, where does it end?,, I don't,, this is the original idea of temperature.. When you're, you're talking to an API is you can set that really high temperature and it's going to come up with novel and crazy ideas and it's gonna be this really creative partner to work with or you can set a really, really low temperature and it's fairly deterministic to the point answers. But there is that Goldilocks zone of what what's the point of working with an AI? If it's, very, it's only gonna tell me one solution every single time even if it's a bad solution versus try creative, try to think of new things.. I think this might be the last question for you and it's one that I've been grappling with for a while, how much harness is Too much harness. And how do you think about that when you're letting the agents? Do what they want?, when you say harness when they harness at cursor we talk about our agent harness and what? We do that you don't have to do in your prompt. That's how we harness a cursor but I want to make sure we're on the same page. We can go down that road. I was also thinking about as I'm building my agent, how do I make sure that I am Giving it enough freedom on that temperature. Gauge put also not saying this is where you go, this is how you do it and the opposite side of that, making sure that if something is very known, it does it every time., no, it's a great question. I think we have a lot of experience building our own harness which can be very helpful for customers building their own agents in the Enterprise space there is, as you're working it's always been true. That data is very important you should measure the outcome of these things. As in production, what what leads to better outcomes versus worse. It's almost more true in the AI space. Working with these non-deterministic llms is when we build our own harness,?,, you hear these bench scores with, with LMS of, how good are they at solving certain problems? Bench scores. Inherently are imperfect because you can game bench scores, you can,, build things specifically for those things. But one thing that we noticed is, depending on what that agent is supposed to do is it supposed to Output? Is it a chatbot is supposed to talk with you in which case you can be a little bit loose with the harness you can give it Some some guidelines obviously most of the LMS you're going to use under the hood. Have a lot of the safety guidelines already built in. you don't have to give it too much Direction in the harness but for something cursor, where it can do almost anything within a code base, we have to build a very extensive harness of, how does it work with tools., there's an edit tool, there's a Search tool, there's a web tool, there's a planning tool, and there you need a very prescriptive harness of how do you work with these things? if your agent is interacting with a lot of mcp's, write those become mCP tools that you have to work with and in that case you do really want to fiddle with that harness and test and see what gives you the best outcomes. And, for us, our GPT 5 harness, two months ago we figured out, we had a bug in it. It wasn't the best possible harness for GT5. Oh, and when we the bench score went from 45% to 65%, it can make a huge difference to optimize this harness. Its special in this world where AI can output,, It can hallucinate and it'll give you great., AB test that harness. I it. Dude, Randy, thank you much for coming on here. I know that this was something that you probably did, not realize you were getting yourself into when you signed up for it, you've been really a great Sport and I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for jumping on here and sharing this with everybody on the live stream., this was great. I I've been on a lot of Fireside Chats. I've never seen someone dressed this for a fireside chat. This was awesome. Thank you for having me next time. Feel free to come and you're best Halloween costume. I I didn't realize I should have dressed up. you look great man.