The couple are observability of the physical and The Logical with our context about how this stuff is supposed to be working, marry all that stuff up. What you figure out is the Delta between our, our observations and what's really happening and what our intent says or what the design says. And then that Delta is the problem. We have to go fix. Probably a really good place to kick it off. how is this new world shaken down and what does it look now?. and first now the now that we're up and running to contextualize and then for the audience a little bit, I'm Chris, I'm confetti CEO, I'm an engineer and I work on him for sure. That's me. what we're talking about today, I think mostly is. all of this infrastructure investment that is happening in support of Hey I and machine learning and these as we as we have talked about these things that are taking over the world now. And, the, the infrastructure investment here, it is it is enormous,? It is some some meaningful percentage of GDP growth in America this year,? is AI infrastructure and what is going on there? I think is,, our big theme today and then to contextualize,, myself and netbox and how we fit into this and what we see. Netbox is the system record for infrastructure. That's what it is,? if you still that way, down at its core at a box, is a model that the teams that are building this, for sure are using to keep track of everything in their infrastructure, everything from space, and power and cooling. He's foundational fundamentals that we hear about all the time. All the way up to, certainly racks and GPU servers, and switching and cabling, and then into logical stuff, IP addresses, and switch configs, and server configs, and all of the automation that happens around this., really from from his early as I've decided I want to design a new big AI data center to this thing is running and scaling and serving,, inference or training workloads or whatever it is at Mega scale. We have this incredible lens into to that journey and then the other simple point of context, I'll share is, I don't think there's any idea Center in the world that is built without netbox and we get this incredible cross-cutting view into all the variations and all the things that people are trying and what what is happening in. the word we were using a few minutes ago was chaos,? the chaos in this space now and it is insanely chaotic because of the pace and the amount of demand that there is and the level of investment that is happening. And how many teams and companies are being formed, all at the same time to tackle this and the geopolitics of it, even there's many factors,?, that's a little bit of the context. I think of what we're going to talk about. And the headline here, is, everybody's investing here now. There is, there's no secret answer to how to build infrastructure. It's a lot of hard work and a lot of logistics. And a lot of supply chain type problems and where am I going to get the power and how about a get the power in 45 days when I've made a commitment to get,, 300 megawatts online and and where am I going to get the servers in the gpus and the cabling and the racks and the humans to do all this stuff or the robots increasingly? all of that is what is happening? fascinating time in this space And, it feels every single one of these steps. Is a potential bottleneck. Are there some that? You see, being more of a bottleneck than others. I know that back in the day it was, GPU constrained, has that been alleviated? And now it's more on the actual wiring or the power., it's it's such a great question and Building. These kinds of infrastructures at the speed and scale that the world demands now. Is a constraint satisfaction problem. In any given time, there is a constraint and it is the primary bottleneck. And there have been several of them over the last couple of years and there will continue to be several of these. As long as demand is what it is, which is,, almost infinitely more demand for AI infrastructure than there is Supply,? And that's that's the root cause I think of,, the furiosity with which investment is happening in the space and the pace at which teams are trying to trying to build in this space. let's break down some of the different kinds of constraints that we will hear about,? We all hear about power as a constraint for an example, where am I going to get? Three gigawatts of power. I did a call last and not last week, the week before last with a public company. The,, building a data center infrastructure. That I didn't really heard much about in the past. They grew up in Bitcoin land and on a call at the CTO. And he said,, we have three gigawatts of power capacity and my jaw dropped,?, because that, that's problem. Number one, that you usually hear, where, where you gonna get all of this and the kinds of anecdotes were hearing give Everyone a sense of the, the chaos and the scrappiness, with which this power problem is being approached. We have we have a Saying we use in our team, netbox labs for how we need to operate to serve this customer. And that's saying is turbines in the parking lot and that's a real anecdote,, a few months ago we're talking with one of these,, real hyperscale data center Builders who's got tens of billions of dollars in commitment, from one of the research labs to bring in, for sure, online incredibly fast. And what they told us was Hey Chris. Hey netbox, Labs team. This infrastructure is coming on online real fast. We're buying turbines, we're putting them in the parking lot. That's how we're getting our power fast enough because we can't the grids can't operate this quickly,? I'm in can't scale this quickly or we can't build nuclear reactors this quickly,? And it power is a big constraint that everybody's investing in obviously, wait. And how did this other company have the three gigs of spare capacity?., luck in history and,, one of the one of the interesting trends that we've seen Now is companies that invested maybe seven, eight, nine years ago in. Tapping,, cheap power or building infrastructure and environments suitable for, large-scale data center infrastructure with good cooling characteristics or access to hydro both for power for cooling those kinds of things for Bitcoin. These are companies that are really. Positioned in this AI infrastructure world and we've all seen that with core. We've the flagship,, builder of infrastructure in this space. I think a lot of their historical contemporaries in the Bitcoin mining space have recognized, hey, it's way more lucrative to shift over to this AI stuff and use the fact that they've already invested in solving these big constraints to power and the cooling and the space. And even, Logistics. I think that's the next big. Constraint the we see that, maybe a lot of A lot of the time is not as talked about as it should be which is think about everything that has to line up to bring a big. I don't know. 300 megawatt. AI data center full of Nvidia, super pods online. There's a lot of moving parts and they all have to converge and they start as early as. I've purchased a parcel of land and I have some power commitment. Great. What I'm going to do with that, I need to design a physical space., to interlock that with my ability to procure, your racks and GPU servers and switching, and fiber optic cabling and Turbines and power infrastructure and liquid cooling infrastructure and all of this stuff has to converge in a design. Has to drive a purchasing workflow. All of those components have to arrive before you can bring anything on line. And that problem of even what am I going to order to make sure that it's all going to work together at massive scale,? And I'm going to make sure that it all arrives in a in a way that, I can, I can interlock that with my design and make sure I've got everything I need to bring this this infrastructure up and running. And then, how am I gonna even deal with the fact that I've got,, thousands of pallets of stuff, arriving at a loading dock, and it needs to get rocked and stacked and plugged in and cabled and burned in and tested and configured and deployed and observed and And then ultimately delivered,, to an end customer for training or,, sliced and diced Cloud style for for retail inference type use cases. incredible Logistics problems and let's make it a little worse. Everyone of those components is sold by a different vendor and,, one of the really interesting challenges that we see is that everyone of these vendors operates differently, they skew differently, they expose their catalogs differently. They expose lifecycle data about their catalogs differently. if I want to buy a GPU server from Dell over here and I need to get some Fiber Optic cabling from Corning over there, and I need to switch from a store over here. I've got three different procurement problems to solve three different kinds of data. I need to figure out how to work with, and then let's compile it one more time and then I'll stop the other big problem is that there's much demand in this space in the challenges are hard. The componentry vendors. Are iterating on their own offerings, incredibly fast identity space. And, the the ground is Shifting under the feet of the folks who are seeking to build these data centers, the kinds of switches they can buy or the kinds of service. Every few months, Nvidia has a new architecture,? And and then that nullifies all the other stuff that attached to it you have to rethink all of this. it's a really hard problem space at the moment and I imagine when When I want to learn something, I usually will go to YouTube and search how to do X or I'll read some articles and some blog posts about how to do that and immerse myself in it. That way I get the feeling you don't have these Engineers going around making YouTube videos on how to put together the gpus and the date data centers., this is not a space I don't call it call It software development. For example, where there's a vast area of humans and some people are inclined to Tinker and share and that thing. In fact,, I would say there are Few hundred people in the world roughly who know how to build this infrastructure. This speed and scale and they all know each other. Of course mostly they live in a five block radius in Soma in California or something that. They probably all have drinks with each other every Thursday or whatever but they're too busy to,, be sitting down and recording YouTube videos. And on, these are the kinds of folks, who, honestly on Christmas day, they're operating,, for sure and they're procuring stuff. That's the pace at which this This space is moving now and again the furiosity with which these folks are operating. And they're figuring this out on the Flies, they're sharing with each other within their Community. don't think there's been enough enough duration for the learning to propagate. And,, because of the rate of change in this industry, the learning is our Going stale really fast too. this is not an easy space to dive into., how then? When something is updated. And you have better throughput with one provider. Does that? not necessarily the knowledge, get propagated but how do you update and Keep tabs on. It when you're building out your data center and you recognize, whoa, there's a better way of doing it. all of the inventory that I was gonna order now, let's upgrade to this but that means that these five things Downstream are going to be affected too. Or how do, the second and third order repercussions I guess of such a great question and let's, let's break this problem up a little bit because I think there are a few different answers first, the teams that have started. To figure out the answers to this question. Are the teams have been at this a while? And by a while more than a year,? the team's building,, real generator AI for structure at 100 plus megawatt scale. You can count them mostly on a couple couple hands and these are teams that are practiced a life cycle management of their for construction. And I think with this roughly looks is Because of the rate of change and the rate of turnover in these environments it's not let's rip and replace all that stuff that we built 18 months ago. It's we're building, 40 more data centers this year. And the new data centers are going to get the new architecture and that new architecture is changing is turning over every,, four to six months, roughly with a lot of alignment and similarity,? there's a lot of convergence on some of the basics. I think that's roughly what it looks. And then,, the other the other setting here is and this is the honest reality. Probably about 100, Neo clouds. If popped up in the last 12, 18, 24 months,? And these books have not tackled this problem. Yet, they're still building Greenfield,, they're they're first or second generation of data center infrastructure is and,, we in, in a totally different world in Enterprise, where has lived for decades,, we think and talk all the time about lifecycle management and of life and of support one. Is it time for us to take out that old switch and replace it with the Next Generation? How do we think about Network, refresh teams in AI for structure, haven't This is an absolute. But as a rule of thumb, haven't gotten to lifecycle management yet. And this is a problem that is coming. Not a problem that these teams generally have a great set of answers for today., if you have A new data center that has all the newest and best components. But you also have the second third generation. data centers is the demand that you've been seeing for those second and third generation data centers and what they can provide for GPU usage Is that skipping to the newest one? Or is it still there's as much for as far down and as many generations back as it can go. one thing I won't pretend to be is an actual operator AI Data Center and only they know their real business models and what the demand looks a cross. There are different kinds of footprints but my perception is that The demand here is deep., and you get with a current generation, I don't know., Nvidia super pod,, with call it,, it GB, 300 architecture, or something that is efficiency relative to Prior Generations in a bunch of Dimensions power, efficiency, cooling efficiency, and on,? really that's what we're trading off. there's a ton of demand that is still being served by older architectures because they're available and they're online and they work. But as we transition toward newer generation architectures,, we're serving more demand per watt, for example, or more demand per., I think what is really the, the measure. I do know that some friends of mine did some calculations on their usage and it was cheaper for them to use the newer. Versions, even though it's more expensive per hour, they could get more compute and get things done faster. And they didn't have to use as many hours., I think that's that's roughly a simple and good way to think about it. Now, put yourself though in the shoes of, a large nio Cloud operator where you've made, billions of dollars of investment in last year's generation of infrastructure. And I think this is a general, a general question in the market today that we don't have great answers to how long is the useful life of that infrastructure? We haven't reached it yet. This whole this whole push really roughly is only been going on for,, 24 months or or thereabouts,. And, I think there's a lot of learning we're going to have Downstream over the next two, three, four years about what happens to the two, three, four year, or four, four generation old for structure and is do the economics work to rip and replace it. Do we keep it on line, serving less,, let's critical workloads or workloads that are more mental to the lack of efficiency there. What do we do? We don't know yet. I don't think.. And now, can you take me through? This stack again, from the the tangible stuff, you can touch. All the way to the more software type intangibles. And how You can keep track of all of it and then know what needs to be done. Where or, how much of this we have is that enough of what we've got and be able to Keep the trains running on time.. much about this. spanning you put it really, the tangible all the way up to the the, the actual outcomes, which are token generation more,, roughly much of that. Is about. The data through thread of what are all of the things that make up our ability to produce this outcome? And how do they interact with each other and how do they interlock? And if we if we rewind a little bit, we talked about the earliest phases. of these AI for structure, builds being we've got,, we've, we've procured some acreage roughly, and we've got a power commitment, from somebody, from that moment forth the teams that are doing this best, Are managing from intent. They're designing and they're carrying the data of their design all the way through to token generation. And what by that is,, we've got,, 200 Acres of space and we've got 300 megawatts of capacity. What's the shape of the building? We're going to build? How many racks can fit in it? What are the thermal calculations say about that? What power and cooling density? Can we achieve what The inference or training infrastructure can align with those parameters. What Nvidia gear, we can buy or what switching footprint, are we going to buy all of that stuff? All needs to end up in? A data model and this is what netbox is. The captures. The. The inventory,, what are all the components, the interrelationships between that inventory,, on this interface, and this switch, we're plugging in this cable with this length. And it's gonna,, route in this cable run to this server in this Rack in this,, geometry in the data center and all of that has to flow all the way back to, power and Cooling. And on, all the, that has to flow from design intent. This design is going to meet our Our parameters for thermal thermals and cooling characteristics and power consumption and token generation. What Happens, if you don't do that. Is at some point you you have much logistical complexity that you can't keep track of all this stuff and we see this one team start with spreadsheets,? the canonical way to do this would be,, let's do some power calculations and all, we need 18,372 cables and they all have these different lengths at some point., that's spreadsheet gets messed up and you order the wrong thing and,, a fun, anecdote from a couple months ago from me now. Spending time, with one of the largest producers of fiber optic cabling in the world, their number one business problem. Returns everybody orders their own cable lengths,? And why does that happen? Bad management of design data and correct cable calculations that are maybe not taking into account, things cable, Bend radius or,, obstructions in the, the physical facility. data really has to be the through thread from, as early as I've got some space and some power all the way through to this is running and then one other dimension this that I think is important to start to pull apart Is., we're talking about AI for structure is this monolithic concept, but there are different goals for different kinds of infrastructure. And,, we see A range from I'm building a gigantic., 500 megawatt facility to do at scale training for a research lab single tenant for structure. I,, all the way to things what I call retail nio Cloud infrastructure, we're going to let people come and swipe a credit card and rent, some GPU capacity for a few hours and then,, return it to the pool. a lot of ephemerality and then over to what I usually think of as AI Factory infrastructure maybe pre-canned builds even things in, shipping containers size. Prefab pods that might get shipped off to some Enterprise Bank or whatever, who wants to buy some Ai and doesn't have the capacity themselves. And we also have to consider, what's the, what's the end use case? Who's going to consume this? How are they going to consume at that has to feed into the design as? trying to Croc, this idea of thousands of different cables and laying them out across, a gigantic Data Center. And I know that when I chatted with Andy from vast, he was saying that a lot of times folks will break up the data centers, into four different grids or eight different grids. that if, for some reason, you lose some power, It hopefully you don't lose power in the whole thing and you're able to Salvage whatever you lose. you touched on there is yet another outcome constraint a Resiliency or redundancy, constraint on Power and we see the same thing when connectivity and we see the same thing on Cooling and on,?,, really, What we've described is a gigantic math problem where there are all these constraints on one end and all these inputs on the other end. And now, a mix of expert humans and software, netbox or other CAD tools. And on are going together and out. The other end is popping,, a design that, to best, guess meets those constraints. And you said something about,, the bend. Constraint that some cables have I imagine that's because you can't put a 90 degree angle in it a hose, the water doesn't come out., exactly. Exactly. that., light is traveling through these fiber cables. And, you've been to 90 degrees the light doesn't doesn't make that then. And there's a Bend radius, you have to take into account., all kinds of fun math in, in these data centers, It and does I think I heard something about Nvidia, giving a lot of suggestions on how to set up the data centers or they have standards?, this is such a great topic for us to Broach a little bit because one of one of the I think, One of the. drivers of Speed in these hyper complex. Many dimensional constraint satisfaction Logistics problems is going to be data standardization. And here what you're referring to are,, blueprints or reference architectures. That Nvidia provides for here is our blueprint for a, an h100 superpod or something that. And, you you need power in this configuration and you cabling that looks this and you need this switching footprint. You need to plug things in this way and these cooling characteristics and,, think of it as an instruction set for how to build a working pod in their blueprint with,, all of the physical and logical elements pre-conscious for you. that you if you are not a, an expert at designing these things from scratch can say,, I want to implement that blueprint. Here's everything I need to buy. It's almost the Lego brick instructions, for how do I get, how do I get a working in a pod in nvidia's definition. And now extend this, we see this from fiber optic, cabling providers, they have they have blueprints or reference architectures. We see it from data center fabric Network fabric vendors, high density, infiniband fabric Blueprints and on These Blueprints the way they manifest today mostly is PDFs.? if you,, if you're, if you're going to build a big huge,, 300 megawatt data center, what are you doing first? You're reading a lot of PDFs that are very good and then you need to interlock them with each other. You need to take this fabric design And this compute design and this cabling design, Etc.? And figure out how do I marry these things up. And we're not here yet in our ecosystem or generally today, but what we are working on here is how do we start to create some Programmatic representations of not these reference designs but also the componentry that goes into them. This is this is one of the things that netbox has really brought to the space, is the notion of a de facto industry standard, way of modeling, all of this information. The Vendors and data center, operators and tooling companies building software used by these teams. And really everybody can count on, in a line to here, is how we're going to share data about cable lengths, and cable bends, and cable, geometry, and cable types. Here's how we're going to share information about switches, and servers and routers, and firewalls and storage devices. And on physical dimensions, logical Dimensions, configuration details interfaces. And if we can come up with a programmatic language, for that information to be shared, then we can start to automate much faster. Then these teams can start to automate the design process by consuming vendor data in canonical form. this is one of the areas that we're working on and this is all about all the way back to what we talked about earlier. The, the bottle the logistics bottleneck, how do we solve for that Logistics? The procurement bottleneck of? I've got stuff that I got to get from 100 different vendors and it's all good or arrived. And it all has to work together. And now it's a very human problem and humans are the bottleneck and that scenario. And if we can program it ties and automate, that Logistics process around standardized data as an industry, we're going to move a lot faster., it does feel that's a perfect use case for trying to automate it and knowing that there's you have all these constraints. And you have your inventory. How can we make sure that what we have matches our constraints? I also was thinking, as you were talking about that, I am imagine. There's people as you were saying those two, 200 people in the world that understand how to do this and have been doing it for a while that are Trying to figure out the best way to do it and they've got some tried and true tested tricks or they're pushing the boundaries. I remember reading a blog post back in the day from The Meta engineering team about how they had two different clusters of 24,000 gpus and one was using the traditional infiniband, but then another one they were doing something different to try and get a little bit more speed out of it. And ultimately it was the same, I think, but There's going to be that R&D. That's happening too. And in a way, what I was reminded of was it feels you could do some flight simulator program or something. Akin to that where you get to go in and try and say what if we did this and weeked these things and maybe you would get a simulation and then before, going and buying all that inventory, or before spending all those hours, you can at least, sanity, check it. there's a term that you'll often hear in infrastructure management or in all other kinds of Industries and the term is digital twin and that's roughly what you're describing,? we want to create a digital twin of the eventual, Mega scale infrastructure that we're going to build we can pressure test it. We already talked about a few of the,, the really simple ways that people are doing that thing today. You don't really want to go build a 300 megawatt data center if you haven't. Through your digital twinning and design process, proven to yourself that your design,, meets powered on it. you can trains for example,? that would be, you wouldn't be able to meet your slaughs to your end customers without considering those characteristics in your design where we where we start to run into, constraints is The. The depth, the FFC, the Fidelity, I guess, with, which we can digitally twin these environments part because there are not standard ways of sharing data about the characteristics of the components and how they're going to work in practice and and on,? this is, this is a key part of the design process that we want ultimately to make higher Fidelity by having More current more aligned and more granular data about everything that goes into these environments that we can pressure test,, and many different ways and be confident that when we do go by,, a billion dollars worth of stuff to deploy the data center. We're going to meet those design constraints that we've laid out for ourselves and that Fidelity isn't there? Because it's still new. That fidelity. Can be there with a lot of hard manual labor today. And again it goes back to reading PDFs, design specs for individual servers or switches or cables or whatever. That's where that information resides today were, it doesn't reside generally. Without a lot of hard work by these teams is in a common data model net box where you can say,, look, I'm going to design this data center. It's going to have this layout. It's going to have these physical characteristics. It's going to have this cabling architecture. It's going to have this network configuration. It's going to have these this switching model. It's going to have these server models. It's going to have Etc. The data about all of those components that feeds the Call it the evaluation of that design in a programmatic sense. It's really hard to get out today. It's sitting in PDFs, now look We know where that's going data. And PDFs is not is not as mysterious as it used to be circular reasons to our conversation,? But,, isn't it. But what we need to arrive at is a is a way for vendors to expose that data programmatically, that the people designing these massive infrastructures As new component trees being designed every few weeks for for their new needs and new constraints can slurp up that that data about this infrastructure and pressure test new designs Drive effective, procurement workflows, and compress this time, Nvidia has a term that they use time to first train and that's really the North Star metric that we're talking about often., we have designed constraints, we want to meet We want to compress the time from. I've got space in power to, I'm training my my model in my now, online infrastructure. And one of the biggest constraints to that is all of these data Logistics and all of the pressure testing of the, the design, through digital twinning and effective aligned data in a data model epoxy. that's what we're working on., it can imagine the Amount of time, it takes to plug everything in. That and that's one piece of it. That's probably you're in the home stretch when you start plugging things in. now let's talk about that because I think this is the the act of racking stacking cabling plugging things in? That act is is an emerging constraint and that constraint is going to get solved in the way. We all think it is too pretty soon, which is robots roughly and AI is going to help us with that as. And what do you need for a robot to walk into a gigantic Data Center and know what to rock wear and how to plug things in and how to run cables and all, all of that stuff. You need accurate data for that robot to act on. And I think that's another another thing that we find ourselves thinking about or having conversations with all these operators about constantly, how am I going to give that robot accurate instructor. Accurate, what I call field operations instructions now. Today even a even a human,, a data center technician. Someone we're asking to walk into the data center and go down this cold aisle and,, walk around to the front of this rack and unplug this thing in this interface and plug it in over there., that person isn't an architect, they don't often have all the information and all the knowledge to to do exactly what to do without really clear instructions and we'll call these instructions, a cut sheet or a standard operating procedure, something that. And Now think about how precise the that cut sheet or those those operating procedures need to be. If the thing we're instructing is no longer a human technician. but it's a It's an Optimus robot or something that's walking through the,, the, the data Hall and taking actions that's happening today for what it's worth in certain large, hyperscale facilities. that's another constraint that we're going to start to compress is, the racking stocking that stacking the day Zero field operations, and then all. the ongoing field operations because things break all the time or need to be reacted reconfigured. I, recorded a few musical, albums back in the day and it was at a studio that Was. Owned by a guy who absolutely adored. Complexity in the way that there were many wires everywhere and he really was into analog gear. And things were going through here and there and I didn't understand half of it, but I spent enough time because I recorded three albums at this studio and I I was there much that he eventually gave me the keys and said,, record when you want. but, Nine times out of 10, when I would go to record when I wanted, I was troubleshooting for the whole session because I couldn't figure out what the hell was going on with the complexity that he had set up, and this was in a studio, the size of the room that I'm in now. I can't imagine a, five different football field length Data Center. and, and that's such a great microcosm example because What you needed? Was something written down somewhere that you could refer to this red cable here. plug it in over here if you want this outcome,? And that's If we distill it down, that's all netbox really is? it is that documentation in a programmatic form that gets used to affect an outcome, whether it's a physical outcome., plug this Cable in here, or or,, deploy this rack with,, this much space around it for thermal reasons or whatever or it's a logical outcome a sign. This IP address to This Server that it can be exposed to this and customer in this way,? That's, that's roughly all it is and I think the Simplest and biggest takeaway here, a huge amount of complexity, huge amount of chaos, huge amount of demand, a huge amount of speed. And what what that requires Is good day. No surprise,? when you can operate with good data, whether it's at Studio scale or whether it's a mega scale, you eliminate those inefficient, you would have been recording in three minutes and said of,, using all your time to figure out analog cabling. many long nights trying to figure out why the hell I can't hear anything everything's working but no sound is coming out. What is going on? Oh man those it's almost the the Sops of the data centers, need to be clear and crisp and precise because you have many more variables that are involved. And now if you're trying to, Eliminate constraints. In every single move because you speed is King, here. You royalty really and you're saying,, could we throw robots at this or could we throw? Can we make this programmatic? Can we try and use a different Infiniband the Next Generation. There's always something that you're trying to iterate on. I can see how. something netbox is going to be immensely valuable, but also how people are Probably pulling their hair out left and when it's amazing that any data centers are online now that I think about it. It's such a it's such a fascinating space and I,, many minutes into our conversation. One thing. I'll admit I'm not a data center engineer. I have no idea how any of this stuff really works. What we see? Is these teams that are the best in the world at building these infrastructures how they are doing it in this really interesting, cross-cutting view because they all are using netbox to solve this data problem. And I think you're, there's, there's a reason why there's only a few 100 people in the world who are really pros at this. It's a really hard problem to solve. It's really Dynamic and I think there are some really interesting analogies by the way, till the early days of the internet.,, 20 years ago, you could get in a room with roughly, the 200 people who ran the internet, they all knew each other, they knew how it worked, they talked to each other, it was evolving at a really fast clip. That's what's happening in AI for structure. now. Did this knowledge will propagate it'll start to normalize over time. How you do this stuff?, what we don't know yet is whether the diversity that we're seeing in the ecosystem will persist, will there continue to be hundreds and hundreds of,, operators of for structure, will we see? More consolidation there are real economies of scale in this space, to the Ultra hyperscalers. I think that's also going to shake out over the next couple of years. but is absolutely intriguing. How until a few years ago, there were three clouds And now it was really it and now there's been this Cambrian explosion and much. we released the GPU guide on the whole ecosystem because I kept seeing all of these funding announcements and the majority of them that were raising a whole boatload of money were A very low level infrastructure plays and it was what are the value props that each one of these folks have? I don't understand what the difference is between a modal and a base 10 or a fireworks or together. And then are they even going and building their own data centers? Not really, they're renting them off of other people's data centers that are already out there then you have a little bit lower that you could go to the lamb does and they are building their own data centers and they're trying to do that. And I was intrigued by all that which led me down the rabbit hole of.. what are the value props here? what do I when would I want to use one versus the other? And I think you use a great term here, which is Cambrian explosion, the market answers. We don't know the answer is to the, the actual value props that are going to stick in the long term, and that's why this can be an explosion is happening. There's an exploration happening in the market now,? And, it could be that all these different business models make sense and all in the persisting. And,, we retain this diversity of kinds of infrastructure providers to meet these ultimate value. Positions whether it's,, really lightweight ephemeral, ephemeral, ability to pop up new infrastructure, really quickly on top of existing collocation Footprints or whether it's in a mega single tenant, purpose-built facilities with,, specialized Cooling and power, and whatever characteristics data centers in space, who knows,?,, we're seeing an exploration happen now, some of the, some of the value props that I do think. Are going to continue to. way into a diversity of infrastructure, types, and providers at least for, for some time. One is sovereignty and this is an interesting one. But if you think about how important to the world AI has become in such a compressed time, what we're seeing is countries Nations,? Say this is strategically important. We need Sovereign AI for structure. We can't be dependent on a, for sure. You're sitting in the United States. For example, you're not going to solve sovereignty with big monolithic. Hyperscale infrastructure is we're seeing Sovereign AI infrastructures pop up all over the place. Now, there are companies that specialize in building AI infrastructure, that may be a specialization that persists another He specialization that we already touched on a little bit. Is the the Spectrum from, single tenant Mega scale,, training footprints for research Labs, all the way to,, slice and dice retail type infrastructures. These are very different and use cases and value. Propositions that may not all be best served by the same company or architecture or operationalization. And then one more that we see often is, and this is akin to the sovereignty one. A certain kinds of Enterprises really want to own their own, AI infrastructure. We see this a lot in financial services, we see it a lot in healthcare and particular and Pharma where I performance compute is really valuable to have for drug Discovery and things that. We see it a lot in government obviously. And one of the most interesting places that we see this a lot is in energy, if you're if you're generating,, gigawatts of power, it's a pretty natural extension in your business to, put some gpus next to that power. But what all of those kinds of organizations are not are hyperscale data center Builders and operators,? when I think of the term AI Factory which we hear a lot it's mostly about that value proposition. How do I provide the ability for,, Financial Services or Pharma or government or utility to get an AI data center without themselves, having to develop all of this expertise. there's a bunch of different business models that we're seeing be explored now. The aren't obviously all served by the same exact converged,, hyperscale company. for a while, I think we're going to continue to have this diversity. Will what you said earlier about a shipping container. a data center in a box.. Is new to me. I had never heard about that. something that has existed for some time, even back in,, back when we all talk about Cloud as the next big thing, which ship has sailed a little bit. We've all consumed cloud and now some repatriation, whatever, but deploying private clouds in shipping containers, or think of them is prefab. Cloud forest established concept. And, maybe no surprise at the same, methodology is playing out in AI or GPU for structure as for organizations that need to be able to deploy,, not hyperscale but owned single time footprints., and I how you say, The. Classic quote from Amazon,? Where Stick to it. Makes your beer tastes good and if you're a financial services company building data centers is probably not what your bread and butter is. how can You reap the benefits of all of this without having to become a data center expert. Is it that you hire one of these 200 people? Or is it that there's ways now that companies are popping up to service that demand and that's exactly it. There are companies that we're seeing that are I call them, AI, Factory, companies roughly, the who's value prop is exactly that I'm going to deliver an AI data center to meet the needs of this bank, or whatever it is. Or there's there are Spaces that have existed forever and what we call systems integration,. the the big systems integrators who forever have solved problems of building, it infrastructure or OT infrastructure or whatever. For Enterprises all now have ai Factory or high performance Computing practices who consolidate some of that expertise and repeatedly for their customers are able to procure. All the equipment solve all these problems that we've talked about and pump out, AI data centers,, to spec to meet the needs of their customers. that's a business model I think will persist now, when you Are. Looking up the stack, how high up do you go in terms of? That maintenance piece or if we need to do update to the gpus, I know that can be a headache in itself because every second that the GPU is offline. You're burning cash. Are you all? looking at that or is there a level where you you say all cool we've we made it to hear and we stopped. We have spent a lot of time today, talking about the build process time to first train to use nvidia's term,? I would say at least as important is the operational processes around this infrastructure is up and running and living and then that blade in that rack died. What do we do,? Or, we need to do some software upgrades on,, these 18 racks or something that. here again, the data is critical all of these systems in real time are interacting According to some configuration. This server has this IP address on this interface. It's connected to this switch, it's running this software. It's allocated to this tenant, or this end customer or something that,? all of that data context, equally important. Once you're up and running four things I want to drain this infrastructure that I can do a bunch of field operations on it, or reconfigure it or something that. and,, I would also say the pace, in an operational, state is another order of magnitude faster,? here, we're talking about operations or sorry automation, things can happen that are not driven from design when you're operating it for structure, a backhoe can cut a piece of fiber and that happened. Now what now what has to happen to flow around that all of that must be automated. There's no way to deal with that situation in a satisfying way without Automation and automation demands good data. and I, I keep coming back to there's many ways that this can fail,, from human error to, power outages or you blow a fuse and You now have to troubleshoot., have to troubleshoot., and you're many ways this can fail, this is part of, why is really is the design phase. We need to Define our reliability or resiliency constraints and design for failure for everything, always fails and infrastructure. That's that's a truism,? At some point, a backhoe will cut that,, piece of fiber or,, that generator will blow up or something., some that will happen,? And we design for those failures with appropriate redundancy and on. But then we have to resolve those failures. And this is what you're getting at. We need the data and the visibility to understand. What is that thing? What's it connected to what is impacted by this? And what are our options for doing something about it. And,, a model netbox and codes. All of the logical and physical information to understand that stuff, you need to couple it with tools that are observing behavior of these systems. In real time we call these observability tools for understanding the flow of network traffic or understanding thermal characteristics in the data center, actual heat sensors on all the racks or power load characteristics or anything. You can imagine. We want to have visibility into as to couple that data with the context of what we've built and how to supposed to be working. we can ask is the design intent being met based on our observations based on what we can sense in this operational and if not what do we going to do about that,. That's that's one we get humans to work,? these switches are behaving differently than we expect for Our design humans, can you look at all the data and decide what we should do about this and then increasingly of course? we hope that AI operations closes that loop as AI agent. this seems to be behaving differently than we expect. What do you diagnose is the issue and what would you do about it?, this is fascinating because you're when you're talking about observability, you're referencing. the physical, the actual things you can touch and whatever I think about observability. It's, oh, is there a data dog? Type of tool and solution is what my mind instantly goes to when I think of observability and,? because Again think about the value proposition in these infrastructures ultimately its tokens are being generated roughly. And you need to observe what I think of is The Logical the flow of network traffic or is the server up or down, or whatever. That's that's a part of the process of generating those tokens. But the logical parts that process are underwritten by the physical parts of that process, there are servers and there is power and there are fiber optic cables. And on that make up the ability to generate those run the software, that's generated those tokens. And it's not enough to observe things at The Logical level especially if you want to diagnose Why did that IP address suddenly go offline?, it could be because somebody cut cut the cable, and we need to be able to diagnose down to that level, to remediate that issue, and get that IP address back online,?, the couple are observability of the physical and The Logical with our context about how this stuff is supposed to be working, Mary, all that stuff up. What you figure out is the Delta between our, our observations and what's really happening and what our intent says, or what the design says. And then that Delta is the problem. We have to go fix. man, this is cool to learn about, there is much involved in it and it is a very high value problem because there's much on the line and as we know gpus are measured in seconds. and you need to keep them on line at all costs. And this is the operational problem. They were talking about 100% agree. You need to keep them online at all costs when there's a, this is why these spaces observability. For example are such high value spaces because the outcome when something Fails is deeply negative,? The other the other Value equation. Going back to conversation. We had earlier is the speed to deliver value from these operating infrastructures to get them operational. And I think the other thing that we're seeing in this, in this space is the demand is high and the expectations are high to meet that demand that delays in speed delays and Logistics when those constraints, Are bottlenecks create drag to bring infrastructure. Operational that has a really negative impact on value for the world too. And certainly for the companies that are building this infrastructure. constraints, both pre-operation and post operations on speed, resiliency scale of this thing. What are you seeing as far as the average of? Time it takes to stand up a data center. It's compressing really, really fast now., I think if you asked me that same question, five years ago, Otis said a typical data center, is a two year build at least. And today, I would say look, I had I had a week in November when I had calls with, Seven or eight of our customers building an infrastructure. Where every single one of them said, listen we're going to be 10x in our infrastructure over the next six months. we need your help in these ways or we need to make sure we're ready in way X Y or Z. think about that math,? These are organizations that have a large scale data centers online today and they're saying it's 10x in the next six months. They're building a data center a week. Roughly, it's and now the now let's be clear,? They're not starting from scratch and getting it all online in a week,? These things are operating. They're happening in parallel is a complex product project management,, Logistics management, problem, to line, all these things up to pump out that many data centers that quickly, but that's roughly. The pace that we're seeing now. Where do you? feel their Are pieces missing now with the whether it's in the build or it's in the operation parts of the data center., we're going through. I think. I think the integration of all these things that we've talked about is a really tough challenge, it's way tougher than it should be today and we we delved into some of those in talking about. The notion of standardization of. Say component data, for example, from from networking and server and GPU and cabling and whatever vendors,? the more we can start to standardize on how vendors share that information. The more we can compress the time to operations the time to first train that's that's one example of the integration problem. Another example we talked about once these infrastructures are online, they're all these. Systems. That these teams are using to understand to, observe, how their behaving, and integrate that with, how are they supposed to behaving? And integrate that with, we want to drive change and we want to scale this? And we want to support new kinds of workloads and on. And the,, now, these teams are having to Kabul, too much of that together glue too much of that together on their own. And, I think we'll see continued, tightness in the way. Tools,, netbox or we have observability capabilities or drift, detection, capabilities, or things that. All glued together, tightly to form, a cohesive Approach for these teams from as early as design intent, all the way through this thing is running, and I'm changing it. Without having to,, themselves integrate many, different components or data sets. Is it going to be The different providers start to integrate tighter, or is it going to be something where you see, netbox being the one single pane of glass that you can look through my general point of view is there? It's gonna be both roughly,, one of the things that we think about is that there will be black platform consolidation in this space, it does make sense to have a tightly integrated set of tooling and capabilities to serve, the end-to-end needs. Given how tightly these operators need to need to operate from Israeli as design, all the way through, to managing change and operational for structure and we're building for that. However, the reality is every infrastructure is different, there's no such thing as a magic Blue. Print is hard as Nvidia and others are trying that everyone is going to follow the Cambrian explosion that we talked about dictates that there are different value propositions. There are different ideas that people are trying and there probably will not be one magic tooling stack to rule them all will build, we'll build for that. But the other guiding principle that I think is really important in a space this, and we have the supplies that out of AI data centers, too into Enterprise infrastructure, OT infrastructure. All kinds of infrastructure is One of openness and composability. one of the things that we haven't talked about very much is the fact that netbox is open source. Almost everything that we build has open source elements and that's really purposeful and important. We need it to be easy for these teams to decide. I'm going to use all the netbox stuff to run this stuff. Except for this one piece because I really want to custom build something over here for. I don't know, observing or driving Automation in my infrastructure or some design element, that's unique to my business. But that needs to be able to integrate with the rest of the stack and this is where openness and apis and composability of the tool chain that these that these operators use to manage their own for structures is really, really important. And that's, I think a fundamental to how we think about the space and how I expect it to continue to evolve.